# Opening
# label: *umi1_opning
# Prologue in Kinzo's study (Kinzo, Nanjo, Genji).

Nanjo: "...Again. ...So, you still haven't overcome your love of alcohol?"

The old physician let out a sigh as he removed the stethoscope.

Two elderly men could be seen in the dimly-lit study, which was filled with dust and a sickly-sweet stench.

In the corner of this room, which was much larger than what most people would call a study, was an expensive-looking bed, a man undergoing a medical examination, and the physician conducting it. There was also what appeared to be a servant watching over the whole scene.

Kinzo: "The bottle is my friend. It is no less of a friend than you, and it has stood by my side even longer than you have."

As the man baring his chest for the stethoscope rearranged his clothes, he spoke unapologetically.

Nanjo: "...Kinzo-san, ...your body only appears to be well thanks to the effects of the medicine. However, if you continue to drink such strong spirits, the treatment will become meaningless. ...Trust my judgement. Refrain from drinking."

Kinzo: "I thank you, though only for the sentiment, my friend. ...Genji, another glass. Water it down slightly. That way Nanjo can save face."

Genji: "...Are you quite sure?"

After eyeing both the master who demanded the alcohol and the family doctor who forbade it, Genji, the old butler, silently gave a slight nod and carried out his master's orders faithfully.

The family doctor, Nanjo, let out a deep sigh once again as he watched the butler busy himself alongside the liquor cabinet...

There was a smell filling up the room.

...This sweet, poisonous aroma felt as though it melted the heart, if not the soul itself. It was the smell of that venomous green drink that the man couldn't bear to part with.

Kinzo: "...Nanjo, you are my close friend, and we have known each other for quite a long time. I am deeply grateful for all that you have done to keep me alive this long."

Nanjo: "I have done nothing. ...After all, you never listen to my advice as your physician."

Kinzo: "Hahaha... And you never listen when I warn you about a mistaken chess move you're about to make. It seems only fair, does it not?"

Genji: "...Master."

Kinzo: "Thank you. ...I wouldn't die if I ran out of your medicine, but I would if I ran out of this."

Disregarding Nanjo, who had his face set in a resigned expression, Kinzo took the glass that Genji was holding out to him.

...Very few people would associate that venomous color with an alcoholic beverage.

Kinzo: "...Nanjo, be honest with me. How much time do I have left?"

Nanjo: "Well now... How short must I make it to convince you to set the bottle aside?"

Nanjo once again let out a sigh of resignation.

Then, he finally spoke to Kinzo as the latter swirled his glass.

Nanjo: "...You don't have long."

Kinzo: "...What precisely do you mean by that?"

Nanjo: "...Let us illustrate it with the chess game here. You have very nearly achieved checkmate, ...but you have not yet cornered my king."

Nanjo's gaze was directed at a side table with a massive chess set placed on top of it.

Judging by the positioning of the pieces, the game seemed to be entering its final stage.

Black's rook and bishop were cutting deeply into enemy lines.

White's king had already been castled and cornered, so that even an amateur could see that the match would reach its conclusion before too long.

Every time Nanjo came to give a medical examination, both of them would make a few moves.

Nanjo was hinting that Kinzo would most likely fall into his eternal sleep before this game could be concluded.

...These were less the words of a physician than they were the words of an old friend.

Nanjo: "...Were you a normal patient, I would recommend that you write a will at this point."

Kinzo: "...And what is a will, Nanjo? Handwritten instructions to the vultures on how to devour and scatter my corpse?"

Nanjo: "No, not at all. ...As the word suggests, it is a way for you to record your will for later generations. It is far more than just a means to divide up your inheritance."

Kinzo: "Hoh. ...And apart from the division of the inheritance, what might I write of?"

Nanjo: "...You might write of your regrets... or matters you have left unfinished. Things you want to pass down to others... ...or merely matters you wish to communicate. ...Anything you want."

Kinzo: "...Hmph. ...Things I want to pass down to others or matters I wish to communicate? Ridiculous. I, Ushiromiya Kinzo, have not one thing I want to tell or leave behind!! I was born with nothing. I will die with nothing! There is nothing I wish to leave to my foolish children!! Even if the end were to come today, even if it were to come right now! I would accept that fate of death without a trace of fear!! I created everything. My fortune! My prestige! Everything!! Those were built up by me, and they will be lost along with me. There is nothing I wish to leave behind!! Nothing!!"

Kinzo: "After I'm gone, I care not if it all goes to waste! I desire no tomb, no coffin!! Those were the terms of the contract I made with the witch! When I die, everything will be lost! That has been part of the promise since the beginning, and that's why nothing will be left behind. There is nothing I can leave behind!!"

After reaching a furious crescendo, Kinzo suddenly slumped over.

...His expression was limp and feeble, as though an evil spirit had possessed him and then left.

Kinzo: "... However, I do have one regret. I have nothing to leave behind, but there is one thing I cannot leave undone..."

Nanjo: "...You would do well to write it down. Of course, it would be best if you could finish it before your time comes. However, even if the worst happens, those who come after you will carry it to completion. You must leave behind your regrets so that they can be resolved even if you are unable to do so yourself. ...That is the purpose of a will."

When Nanjo tried to gently pat Kinzo's shoulder, the dying man flew into a sudden rage and batted away Nanjo's hand.

Kinzo: "It's useless, useless, useless!! It must be done while I still live! At the moment of my death, my soul will be devoured by the demons of the contract and wiped out of existence! For me, there will be no peace or another world after death! That's why everything must be completed before I go!! That's why a will has no meaning for me!! And even if I had a chance to write such a thing, ...if I did have such a chance!!"

Kinzo: "...I'd want to see it. I want to see it one more time! I want to see Beatrice's smiling face one last time!! Oh, Beatrice, why have you resisted me for so long?! I'll return everything you have given me! I am prepared to lose everything!! So please, show me your smile just one more time..."

Kinzo: "Beatrice, I beg of you! You must be able to hear my plea, ...that's the kind of woman you are! I beg of you, show yourself to me!! You're here, aren't you?! You're standing there, invisible, listening to every word I say, and even now you're mocking me from somewhere in this room, aren't you?! Please, appear before me once more and smile!! Feel free to scold me, even snatch away my life by your own hands if you so desire!! I don't want to die alone like this!! I cannot let myself die until I've seen your smile just one more time!! Aah, Beatrice, Beatrice!! I offer up this life of mine, I offer it up to you!! I'm begging you, Beatriiiiiiiiiiiice!!!"

Battler: "Whoa... Things sure move with the times... I can't believe we'll be able to make the trip in just twenty minutes..."

I couldn't help but scratch my head and marvel at how far things have come in recent years.

We used to go by boat. Back then, we were all forced to endure nearly half a day of swaying back and forth over the sea before we reached Niijima. Things have gotten so much more convenient these days.

Still, I've never been on a plane this small. I've flown in a huge jumbo jet before, but this'll be my first experience in such a tiny one.

...It's gonna shake, isn't it...

They say smaller boats shake more than big ones, so I guess the same rule probably applies to planes. ...Aaah, just spare me.

George: "Haahahaha, don't worry, Battler-kun. It shakes much less than that boat did."

Battler: "Gyah?! ...I-Is that you, George-aniki?! Heheh, don't scare me like that... You just shaved three years off my life. Anyway, what's shaking got to do with anything? Ihihihi, you don't think I'm actually scared of the plane shaking or maybe falling out of the sky or something, right?"

George: "Oh, of course not, my mistake. I see you've changed a lot since we last saw you. After all, it's been six years since then. You're not a kid anymore. Hahaha."

Battler: "Sheesh, and here you are, old enough to smoke and drink. I've got no interest in smoking, but I've always wanted to try some booze, heheheh! Well, if you've got your dad's genes, I'll bet you can hold your own when it comes to drinking, right?"

George: "Well, I usually drink for business rather than pleasure. It's pretty hard to do business in Japan without it."

Battler: "Ihihihi! That's exactly right! That's why I never miss a chance to get in some practice!"

George: "Th-That's no good, Battler-kun! You're still a minor! Don't you know alcohol can stunt the growth of... ...um, never mind."

Battler: "Come on, I'm tall enough already! In fact, it'd be easier to find clothes if I shrunk a little!" I puffed my chest out proudly.

Until I hit my growth spurt, my height was below average in my class. But then, I grew and grew, and before I knew it, I'd passed 180cm (5ft 11in).

I guess I have all that muscle training and those shady mail-order performance-enhancing drugs to thank for that. Before then, I never dreamed that I'd shoot 10 cm above George-aniki, who'd reached his peak height early on.

...Damn, I'll bet my relatives all say `Look how big you've grown, Battler-chan!' or something. ...It's all so embarrassing... I wish they'd just give me a break.

Anyway, my name, `Battler'... ...well, it's pretty damn weird, don't you think?

I've gotta wonder what my parents were thinking when they named me that. I've never met anyone who could read it right the first time.

I usually get called `Sento-kun'. Sorry, but that's not even close.

My name is written 右代宮 戦人.

Can you read it? The first part is my family name, `Ushiromiya'. That's a fairly plausible Japanese pronunciation so far.

The problem is my given name. ...戦人 is made up of the characters for `fight' and `person', and it's pronounced `Battler'.

Put it all together, and you've got Ushiromiya Battler.

Pretty crazy, right? It's crazy enough that my parents decided to call me that, but it's even more crazy that some government worker let them make it official. ...Both groups are at the top of my must-kill list.

Anyway, this is one of my cousins. His name is 右代宮 譲治, pronounced Ushiromiya George.

He's five years older than me, so he must be turning 23 this year. Since the Ushiromiya cousins consist of two boys and two girls, I ended up playing with George all the time.

And because I've always thought of him as a big brother, I still call him `Aniki' today.

Hideyoshi: "Whoo, Battler-kun, look how big you've gotten. You know what they say, leave a boy for three days and you'll hardly recognize 'im!"

Eva: "It must be in his blood. Rudolf wasn't that tall either until his high school years. Perhaps people end up taller if their growth spurt comes late."

Battler: "Nah, it's nothing special. A real man needs to be tough on the inside too!"

Hideyoshi: "Exactly! Battler-kun here knows how it works! Real men win or lose based on what they've got on the inside! Can't ever forget to keep up your trainin' and discipline. You gotta do that, wait veeery alertly for the perfect moment...and strike! Now, I never even imagined that I'd become the company president I am today, master of my own domain... Yep, to think I've come this far after starting out penniless and ruined...!"

This stout, plump, old guy is George-aniki's dad, Uncle Hideyoshi (秀吉).

He's the husband of Dad's older sister. In other words, we're not blood-related.

He's nice to children, sociable all the time, and even quick to give out some spending money to us kids. Simply put, he's an awesome uncle.

He speaks in an odd and very noticeable Kansai dialect, but he's actually a natural-born Kanto man.

Apparently, impressions are everything in the business world, so speaking in a different style than other people is an act that makes him stick out more. ...However, I hear he gets embarrassed when talking within earshot of a real Kansai person, so he switches back to standard Japanese.

...I don't really get it, but he's definitely an interesting person.

Eva: "If only you weren't so quick to brag about your life story. That's enough for now, I think. I'm sure Battler's getting tired of it. Aren't you?"

Battler: "Nope, not at all, hihihi! Nothing wrong with that. I think it's pretty cool for a man to have some stories he can brag about. I don't have anything like that at all."

Eva: "Oh, really? I'd imagine a man with your looks would leave girls crying left and right. I can't believe you have nothing at all to brag about."

Battler: "Wh-What? Y-Y- You're joking, right?! Of course nothing weird like that's ever happened to me! Heck, I wish it would!"

Eva: "Come on, you aren't fooling anyone. ...*giggle* You must tell your aunt all about it later. After all, nothing of the sort ever happens to George. Heheheh..."

This is George-aniki's mother, Aunt Eva (絵羽).

She's my Dad's older sister. She and Uncle Hideyoshi are a pair of jokers, and they've always teased me, back as far as I can remember.

This sometimes made them a bit hard to get along with when I was small.

...Well, I guess the events of the last 30 seconds prove that they can still be hard to get along with.

Even so, George-aniki's family is interesting and fun, and they seem to get along just fine.

...Sheesh, that's pretty much the total opposite of my family.

Kyrie: "Battler-kun, have you seen Rudolf-san?"

Battler: "Huh? He headed off to the bathroom a while ago. Is he not back yet? Heh, maybe the poor geezer dropped dead, namunamunamu."

Kyrie: "That's no way to talk about your own father. Still, this isn't the first time he's taken so long in the bathroom."

Battler: "Yeah, the guy's always been that way. Does he really have to take a magazine with him every time he needs to take a dump? And what on Earth's he doing in there with those particular magazines?! Ihihi!"

Kyrie: "Oh, you don't need to worry about that at all. Since we've been together, I haven't let him do that on his own."

Battler: "Hihihi! Oooh, I'll have to get the juicy details later! Sounds like Dad's got his balls in an iron grip."

Kyrie: "You know exactly what would happen with that man if I didn't keep a tight grip, don't you?"

Battler: "No kidding. You're the only one capable of reigning in that old bastard. As his son, I'm more than happy to let you take over."

Kyrie: "Yes, leave it all to me. After all, that's my specialty."

This woman is my father's wife. Her name is Ushiromiya Kyrie (霧江).

As you can probably tell from our conversation, she's not my real mother. She's basically my stepmother.

My real mom died six years ago, and Kyrie-san is the woman Dad married afterwards.

It's understandable for someone my age. I could never bring myself to call his new wife `Mom'.

And I doubt she feels like using the word `son' on this massive kid who's no relation to her at all.

We aren't little kids. We know there's nothing to be gained by fighting.

So, we decided that we wouldn't force ourselves to pretend that we were family.

I've decided to act a bit more frank with her, acting as though she's a friendly neighbor instead.

It's much easier if we just keep a little distance, instead of forcing ourselves to act all close and making each other uncomfortable.

Kyrie-san has always been very open about all this, and thanks to that, we've been able to get along pretty well.

Then, just when we were badmouthing Dad about being in the bathroom, the man himself came back, wiping his hands with a handkerchief.

Rudolf: "Hmm? Battler."

Battler: "Hey, what's up, Dad? ...Owowowowww! Don't pinch my ear, gaah!"

Rudolf: "So, you've been talking trash about me with Mom again, haven't you? What makes it so hard to show a little respect for your father, hmm?"

Battler: "Owowow, owowowowow! Dammit, that hurts! You can stretch my ear all you want, but I'm not gonna be able to fly. That hurts!!"

Rudolf: "C'mon now. Up, up, down, down, left, right, left, right. Now say `Father, please forgive me for being so rude'."

Battler: "Like hell I will! Go find yourself some members-only store if you want it that much! Gyaah, let goooo!!"

...This old bastard is my Dad. I think I'm pretty tall myself, but Dad's just about as tall as I am.

It's no surprise Aunt Eva started talking about Dad's blood when she saw my height.

By the way, my height isn't the only thing I got from him. It seems having weird names runs in the family.

Dad's full name is written 右代宮 留弗夫.

...You can't read it, can you? Come on, it's just 留弗夫. Anyway, this guy's name is pronounced `Rudolf'.

Haha... He must hate Grandfather for giving him that name.

Still, that's no reason to pass that weird naming tradition onto me.

As the old bastard twisted my ear all over the place, Aunt Eva snuck up behind him and grabbed his ear.

Eva: "Hey, Rudolf. You should know better than to physically abuse your son."

Rudolf: "Gyaah, that hurts, Aneki..."

This scene perfectly illustrated the relationship between the prankster younger brother...and the older sister who could deal out punishment to him despite his size.

Kyrie: "I think that's good enough for now, Eva nee-san. I'll make sure to stretch out his other ear later on."

Eva: "Oh, my apologies. I must leave some pulling for you to do, Kyrie-san. Rudolf? Make sure Kyrie-san gives you lots and lots of punishment later on, okay?"

Rudolf: "You're one to talk, Aneki, abusing your little brother like that. Hideyoshi nii-san, I'd like to thank you very much for picking her up. If you hadn't been so generous, she'd still be unsold in the store. You have my gratitude and apologies."

Eva: "...What?! Who are you calling `unsold'?"

After taking 2...3 steps back, Aunt Eva unleashed one of her beautiful high reverse roundhouse kicks, which stopped just a centimeter away from the tip of Dad's nose.

After starting out with Tai-chi-chuan for her figure, Aunt Eva then developed an interest in the Chinese martial arts. After that, she went through karate, tae kwon do, capoeira, ...and what is it she's learning now, again?

...Well anyway, they say a woman's weapons are in her lower body, and that's literally true for Eva.

Eva: "Rudooolf? Did you know that a single direct blow to the side of the head like that would knock you unconscious? Not so long ago, I accidently connected in a practice match and my opponent was out cold."

Rudolf: "...Sheesh, what a pain. I'm so sorry she can't help walking like a freak." Dad, completely unfazed, shrugged and smiled ironically at Uncle Hideyoshi.

Hideyoshi: "Wahahaha, never had a brother or sister myself. So, when I see you two bickerin' with each other, it makes me feel all warm and fuzzy inside. It sure is nice to have a big family."

Kyrie: "Oh, then why not consider making a little brother for George-kun? He's already a fine adult who's about to go off on his own, so it might be a good time to have another child."

Rudolf: "Hey, have a little sympathy for the new kid, and all the pain and suffering he'd have to live through. I'm surprised even George-kun turned out as well as he did after being born from this sinister sister of mine. And what an awesome kid he is. Please share some of that with our blockhead of a son someday, will you?"

Kyrie: "That's not at all how it happened. It's thanks to Eva nee-san's proper rearing that George-kun became the kind, gentle kid he is now. Isn't that right, Nee-san?"

Eva: "Oh, come now. Heheh, you think so...? Our George still has a long way to go. Ah, by the way, how's your little Ange-chan doing? I heard she was vomiting?"

Hideyoshi: "Oh, that's right! And I was hopin' to finally see her face after such a long time. Is she okay?"

Kyrie: "She often catches a cold when the seasons change. She's very frail... I did want to bring her along, but we decided to have my family look after her this time."

Eva: "I think that's a wise move. She'll heal a lot better if she stays away from that venomous Head Family household. A child's health is always more important than an adult's convenience, don't you think?"

Hideyoshi: "I know of some great medicine for vomitin' colds like that! When we get back home, I'll send some to you right away, so please let her try some!"

Kyrie: "Thank you very much, Hideyoshi nii-san. I'm always in your debt..."

...And once the conversation suddenly veered off in that direction, we kids didn't have any chance of butting in.

For now, I'm just happy Aunt Eva gave Dad his just deserts for tugging on my ear.

George: "Are we still waiting for the weather report?"

George-aniki pointed at the counter. The `checking weather' sign was still stuck next to the departure times for the flight we were scheduled to board.

According to Aniki, smaller planes are more subject to winds and other effects of the weather, and it's not at all uncommon for flights to be delayed because of that.

...Wait a sec, we *are* totally sure it's not gonna shake, ...right...?

From down here on the ground, it just looks cloudy, not windy. ...Well, I guess it's different up where the planes fly.

Eva: "The weather's a bit uncertain today." Aunt Eva looked at a TV in the lounge.

The weather forecast was being broadcasted, informing us that a typhoon was approaching the Kanto region.

Rudolf: "A typhoon again? ...Guess there's no helping it, with the annual family conference being held in October. Couldn't he have chosen a better season?"

Eva: "I agree. I've always hoped we could have it sometime around the Obon festival in mid-August. In that case, why don't you suggest that to Father and Nii-san during the conference?"

Rudolf: "...Very funny. Why don't you do it yourself? Our brother would never listen to anything I suggested."

Eva: "No way. It doesn't really bother me that much to have it in October. I was just saying you might want to propose it, since you said you hate typhoons so much."

Rudolf: "I only said that typhoons always come around this time of year. You're the one who said you wanted to move it to the Obon festival, right?"

Eva: "Well, you said it too last year! Didn't you say that it would be easier to fit into your schedule if we had it during the Obon festival?!"

Rudolf: "I never said anything like that."

Eva: "Oh yes, you did. I certainly wouldn't forget something like that!"

Rudolf: "No, I didn't... You're the one saying that all the time!"

Eva: "Didn't you know? Stopping a kick just a hair's breadth away from impact is a very high-level technique."

Rudolf: "Sheesh, women your age shouldn't spread their legs like that!"

Dad and Aunt Eva's argument looked no different from a couple of brats quarreling...

George: "Even though they usually behave like normal parents, they turn right back into kids again when they meet their siblings at these family conferences."

Battler: "You're the one who looks like an real adult, analyzing it all calmly. ...I hope I never turn out like that old bastard. I'd much rather end up as an intellectual adult like you, Aniki."

George: "Like me? Oh, I still have a long way to go. I still have very little experience out there in the real world, and I need to work on becoming more confident and sociable. ...I think you've far surpassed me on all of those counts, Battler-kun. I'm sure you'll outstrip me fast enough when you become an adult." George-aniki scratched his head and laughed, as though trying to hide his embarrassment.

Of course, he was just being humble.

Aniki entered a university and became an apprentice at Uncle Hideyoshi's company at the same time, studying both academics and how to become a business emperor in parallel.

Then, right after graduating, he got into Uncle Hideyoshi's company as his father's aide, piling up a lot of real-life experience as he devoted himself zealously to his work. His great dream is to one day stand on his own and build up his own kingdom.

Aniki is a real paragon of a man, sparing no effort as he strives towards his goal. It's no exaggeration to say that I really respect him.

And then there's me. I'm nothing at all like Aniki.

I'm living my happy-go-lucky, idle high school life to the max.

I've got no dreams for the future! I'd like to just sit back, stay cool, and let the money flow in, but of course that could never happen.

...When Aniki was my age, he had already formed an impressive objective and had started devoting himself towards studying for that goal, so I guess I can't compare at all.

My dad just says `Sure you can study at my company, if you like cleaning toilets'. Dammit, I'm not gonna be in the debt of that old bastard.

I'll find my way myself!

...If only willpower was all it took to become an adult.

Should I go on one of those self-searching journeys that are all the rage these days? ...Well, it's not like I could mooch off my parents for that kind of money...

Right then, Uncle Hideyoshi shouted out loudly.

He's a really nice person on the whole, but he does have a problem controlling the volume of his voice.

When I looked over, I saw that he was greeting Aunt Rosa, who had come late.

Hideyoshi: "Ohoooooooooh!!! If it isn't Rosa-san! Maria-chan, long time no see!!"

Maria: "Long time no see! Uu-!"

Rosa: "Maria! Shouldn't that be `It's good to see you again'? Greet your uncle properly."

Maria: "Uu-. It's...good to see you again..."

Hideyoshi: "There ya go! Well said! How about some candy as a reward?! ...Oh, huh? Where'd I put it..."

Kyrie: "Rosa-san, it's good to see you again. It's good to see you too, Maria-chan."

Rosa: "It's been too long, Kyrie nee-san, Hideyoshi nii-san. ...And, ...oh my, Battler-kun?! Look how big you've gotten...!"

Battler: "Ah, come on, hahaha... It's embarrassing hearing that from every person I meet...!"

Rudolf: "Hey, Rosa. You're late. If the plane was on time, you'd barely have made it..."

Rosa: "I'm sorry. We had some trouble making our train connection. So, are we waiting on the weather again?"

Eva: "Oh, don't complain. I much prefer the 30-minute plane trip to spending six hours bouncing about on a boat. Even if we're kept waiting here for an hour, it's still much faster overall."

Hideyoshi: "Maria-chan's gotten huge too!! So, how tall are you now?"

Maria: "Uu-! So, how tall am I now?!" Maria-chan parroted Uncle Hideyoshi's question, looking up at her mother.

I guess she doesn't remember her own height. She's probably right in the middle of a growth spurt, so her height must change every month. Give it a few more years, and she'll suddenly start looking feminine.

Rosa: "Umm, ...just how tall were you the last time you got measured...? You keep getting bigger and bigger, don't you? Right?"

Maria: "Uu-!"

Kyrie: "I think she's grown a lot since last year. Let's see, she turned nine years old this year, didn't she?"

Maria: "Nine years old. Uu-."

George: "That's right, you're nine years old now. Glad to see you're doing well too, Maria-chan! Up you go- nnngg... I guess you've gotten a bit too heavy to play airplane with..."

Battler: "George-aniki, what a rude thing to say to a lady. Here, I'll do it...up ya go-..."

Maria: "...Uu-."

When I went to lift her up in Aniki's place, Maria stiffened defensively, staring suspiciously at my face.

...Ah, that's right. The last time I met Maria, it was six years ago, and she was only three years old. Of course she doesn't remember my face.

Kyrie: "Maria-chan, don't you remember? It's Battler-kun. You used to play together, remember?"

Maria: "...Uu-."

Rudolf: "No surprise, I guess. The last time she met Battler, she was only three. You don't keep memories at that age."

She must know everyone's face apart from mine because she meets them every year, but I haven't had contact with the Ushiromiya family for about six years now. So, it's no surprise that this nine-year-old girl doesn't have any memories of me.

Even I can only just barely remember her being a three-year-old crybaby.

Rosa: "Maria, this is Battler onii-chan. Rudolf nii-san's son. ...Understand?"

Maria: "...The brother's son is... The brother is the son... ...?? ...Uuuu---!!"

That `uu-' sound was probably her brain going into overload at that complicated explanation. I guess the phrasing of that was a bit confusing. Nii or Onii, the title you'd use to refer to an actual older brother, can also be a friendly honorific for a boy who's only a bit older than you.

George: "Maria-chan, this is Battler-kun. He's your cousin, like me."

Maria: "...Like George onii-chan? ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... Battler? Cousin? ...Uu-."

George: "That's right. You got it."

This part of Aniki is what makes me really look up to him. For someone who isn't married, he's just great at dealing with kids. I'm sure he'll be an indulgent father in the future.

Maria: "...Battler onii-chan?" Maria looked straight at me with a questioning expression, as though asking whether it was okay to call me that.

Battler: "Yep, that's me, Battler. Nice to meet you, Maria!"

Maria: "Uu-! Battler!"

Rosa: "Maria! You mustn't talk to him like that! Call him Battler onii-chan...!"

Battler: "That's all right, Aunt Rosa. I don't sweat the small stuff. Hey, Maria! We're close enough that we don't need honorifics, right?!"

Maria: "Battler, Battler, Battleeerrr! Uu-uu-!"

Battler: "That's right, Maria, Maria, Mariaaa! Uu-uu-!!"

We horsed around for a while to make up for the six year gap in our friendship.

She probably still thinks of me as nothing more than a big new friend, but things'll probably work out as we get to know each other again.

But I'm surprised. She's just the way I remembered her being six years ago. Seems that people just don't change that much after all. I'm a bit happy that she's still the pure, innocent girl I remember.

Her name is written 真里亞. ...Of course, 真里亞 is pronounced `Maria'. The third character looks like a cross, which is pretty cool.

Her feelings don't usually show up on her face, so it can be difficult to know just what she's thinking, but that's just how she looks on the outside. On the inside, she's just a sweet, normal girl.

Then there's Maria's mother, Aunt Rosa. She's my dad's younger sister.

Rosa is written 楼座. ...Here's a name that's totally not Japanese. Sorry to say it, but her name's almost as ridiculous as Dad's... I've got to respect her for not ending up as screwed up as he is.

...When I think about it, all the names in my family sound foreign. Just why is Grandfather so obsessed with that?

Because of him, even we grandchildren have to put up with this weird naming sense. It's even more annoying since Grandfather's own name is perfectly normal.

Anyway, there's one thing about Aunt Rosa that's a relief compared to the other family members.

The old bastard and Aunt Eva have this annoying urge to tease and mock people all the time, but even though she shares their blood, Aunt Rosa isn't like that at all.

She has the most common sense among all the siblings.

Like Uncle Hideyoshi, she's a kind aunt who'll always be on the kids' side.

...However, possibly because she's more strict as a parent, she's not liberal with handing out spending money like Uncle Hideyoshi.

Okay. Now we have the entire group of family members who are going to board the plane.

At that moment, as though it had waited for us all to arrive, an announcement rang out through the lobby.

"Our apologies for the delay. Boarding will now commence for Flight 201 to Niijima. We ask that the passengers please form two lines in front of the counter, behind the white line."

Rudolf: "Rosa, you still haven't gone through boarding procedures, right? Hurry up."

Rosa: "Oh no...! Maria, come on!"

Maria: "Uu-!"

We had to go through a metal detector before going out on the runway.

Our small plane wasn't as massive as an international flight, but it was still a plane. A staff member holding a metal detector checked us all.

Once all of us cleared the check, we followed the staff member out onto the runway.

Come to think of it, everyone here is in the Ushiromiya family. It's like this is a reserved charter flight or something.

Our group stopped in front of the entrance to the airplane. Then, our guide turned around and spoke, looking down at the passenger list as he did.

"Boarding will now commence. As I call out the names on the passenger list, please take your seats in order, starting from the front row on the right side and going right to left, then onto the next row. I will now begin reading the passenger list. Ushiromiya Hideyoshi-sama!"

Hideyoshi: "Oh, I'm first! Right here! ...By the way, do you have some candy, Eva? I've been lookin' all over for some, but I can't find any."

"Ushiromiya Eva-sama."

Eva: "They're in my handbag. I'll get one once we're inside the plane."

I've heard that candies are a good way to protect your ears from hurting because of variations in atmospheric pressure when landing or taking off. That's probably what they're talking about.

Battler: "...Hope I get a window seat!"

George: "Hahaha, don't worry. There aren't any other kinds of seats."

As George-aniki said, there were apparently only two lines of seats.

So, this is what a small plane is like... ...We *are* totally sure it's not gonna shake, right...?

"Ushiromiya George-sama."

George: "Right here. Don't worry, Battler-kun. It won't shake too much."

"Ushiromiya Battler-sama."

Battler: "A-Aniki, what do you mean `not too much'?! You can just swim if you fall from a boat, but if a plane crashes you're screwed, right?! We all get our own parachutes in our seats, don't we? Wait, we don't?!"

"Ushiromiya Rudolf-sama."

Rudolf: "Come on, Battler, stop standing there slack-jawed and get in."

Battler: "Ow! Dad! Don't push me! We don't get parachutes!"

"Ushiromiya Kyrie-sama."

Kyrie: "Okay, you two, stop fooling around. Let's move on in."

Rudolf: "Ow! Kyrie! Don't push me! This blockhead isn't moving!"

"Ushiromiya Maria-sama."

Maria: "Uu-! Let's move on in!"

"Ushiromiya Rosa-sama."

Rosa: "Maria! Be quiet..."

"This is your pilot, Kawabata. We'd like to thank you for taking New Tokyo Aviation's Flight 201 today. We estimate that the flight to Niijima airport will take about 20 minutes. We are receiving reports of atmospheric turbulence. There may be some shaking of the aircraft, so we ask that you do not unfasten your seat belts after takeoff."

Battler: "A-Aniki, did that guy just say we needed to wear seatbelts?! In a jumbo jet, they let you undo them after takeoff, right?! So it's gonna shake so much we can't take them off?! Dammit, you tricked me! It is going to shake after all! Where are the parachutes?! I knew I should've taken the boooooaaaaat!!"

# Chapter 1
# label: *umi1_1
# Flight and Niijima harbor. Eyecatch: October 4 (Sat) 10:30.

Battler: "...Should've taken the boat... ...the boat..."

Maria: "Faaalll! Faaalll! Uu-uu-uu-uu-!!"

Rosa: "Maria, that's enough! ...But what a surprise. I thought there was nothing that could scare Battler-kun."

Rudolf: "This guy can't handle vehicles for some reason. Always yells about falling and sinking and stuff. You're a disgrace of a man, you are."

Battler: "...Ah, shut up. That thing was seriously shaking way too much... I just got a little stressed, since it was my first time on a small plane like that..."

Eva: "You call that `a little stressed'? Heheheh, sounds like it'd be fun to take an overseas vacation with you, Battler-kun. Would you like to go to Egypt with your aunt? You'd get to ride a plane for a full 14 hours."

Kyrie: "Ahhahaha! There's a good plan. Battler-kun, you should go let Eva nee-san toughen you up some. Still, it's so hilarious! Ahahaha!"

Hideyoshi: "Wahhahaha, now, now. Everyone's got their own strong and weak points. It's bad to laugh at 'em. Wahhahaha...!"

George: "D-Dad, you're laughing too. Hey, Maria-chan, you shouldn't laugh anymore."

Maria: "Shouldn't laugh anymore? Uu-!"

Gyah, dammit! Is being scared of planes really such a big deal? Everyone obviously thinks I'm a big oaf now... Tch!

We split up and took separate taxis from the airport to the harbor. From there on, we would be taking a boat to the island.

The islands are right next to each other, so the distance of the trip wasn't that great. By boat, it was a leisurely 30 minutes to the island.

When we reached the pier where the boat to the island was anchored, we saw a figure waving at us.

Jessica: "George nii-saaan! It's been so frickin' long!!"

George: "Ah, Jessica-chan, it's been a year since I saw you! You've gotten taller again, haven't you?"

Jessica: "Kyah-haha, don't gimme that, it's embarrassing when you say it every year!"

Battler: "...H-Hey, Aniki, you've gotta be kidding me. Is that really Jessica?!"

Jessica: "Wait a sec, George... Is this big guy... Battler?!"

We both stared at each other.

...She definitely didn't look like that in my memories, but I do remember her crazy way of talking.

Battler: "Yo, Jessica! What's this now?! You're kidding me, you look like a woman now! What're these, boobs? Even you managed to get a chest! Ihihi, let me rub 'em, let me-!"

Jessica: "Don't screw around with me, I'm a blushing flower of 18! Of course my hair grew longer and I got these! What, you think I got boobs just to get fondled by you, loser?! And speaking of you, sure, you got all ridiculously huge, but did ya get a bit stronger too?!"

Battler: "Don't screw with me, I'll show you how much training I've done since back then!!"

Jessica: "You're pissing me off!! I'll beat you at your own game!"

This headstrong girl's name is 朱志香.

...She was born under the same unlucky star as me, sharing the same kind of weird name. Anyway, 朱志香 is pronounced `Jessica'.

She's Dad's older brother's daughter.

That older brother happens to be the oldest son of the Ushiromiya family, so for now, it means Jessica is the direct family heir.

Since Jessica and I are the same age and sometimes had little boy-girl squabbles with each other, we've always been used to fighting and joking around together whenever the relatives gather.

Jessica grew more quickly, so she always had me beat in terms of size and physical strength. When we scuffled in a contest of strength, it usually went Jessica's way.

So even though I realized I'd grown bigger, part of my mind was still convinced that I couldn't beat Jessica.

Jessica: "...Woh...ah...! What the...what're you getting all serious for...?! Owowow..."

Battler: "Hey, this is nothing! Jessica, you've gotten weak."

Jessica: "Sh-Shut up. I'm a girl, so of course I couldn't beat a guy with physical strength forever, right?!"

Battler: "Weeelll, you've got a point there! The meat I put on my arms all went to your chest. It looks like it'd be a pretty even test of strength between my arms and your boobs, don't you think?!"

Jessica: "I told you, my boobs aren't for you to feel up!! Besides, how 'bout you? Did your cute lil' elephant-san get a bit bigger to go with the rest of you?!"

Battler: "Stop it, idiot! Nooo, you perv! I'll be ruined for marriage... Don't touch my cro-tch!!"

Jessica: "D-Don't say stuff people are gonna misinterpret!!"

Honestly, I was so surprised at how feminine Jessica had become that I had to joke around like an idiot to hide it.

...Well, considering what a bossy brat she was six years ago, anyone would be surprised.

And I guess she's just as surprised. She probably wasn't expecting to lose to me in a test of strength.

After losing that easily, she must be shocked at how much I've grown in the past six years.

...Six years. Once again, I'm being shown just what a huge gap of time that was.

Jessica: "Crap, ...total defeat. It's like I'm no match for you anymore."

George: "That's not true. Even Battler-kun must have his weaknesses. Right, Maria-chan?"

Maria: "Uu-! Faaall, faaall!!"

Battler: "Shh, cut it out, Maria, let's keep that a secret, okay?"

Jessica: "Faaall? The hell are you talking about?"

Battler: "Heheh! Sorry, but there's no chance you'll see that weakness of mine now! After all, the nightmare plane trip is already over and done with! Only thing left is the nice, quiet splashing of the boat ride. I never thought I'd start loving that piece-a-junk boat this much. Ihihi!"

Jessica: "Huh???? George nii-san, is there something wrong with his head?"

George: "You'll understand soon. Very soon."

At the time, I didn't get what Aniki meant by that big smile...

Kumasawa: "What have we here...oooh! Battler-san, how big you've grown...!" Who's it this time? It's an old lady with an apron.

...O-Oh yeah, that takes me back... I remember now!

George: "You remember her, right? It's Kumasawa-san, the servant."

Battler: "I could never forget you, Kumasawa baa-chan! After all, you haven't aged a bit in these past six years. If anything, I'd say you're looking younger than ever."

Kumasawa: "Hohohoh! Lately, my skin's been getting quite smooth and silky! And look, hasn't my chest gotten bigger as well? ...How'd you like a little feel?"

Battler: "Y-You're kidding, right?! My breast fondling is strictly limited to bouncy girls!"

Kumasawa: "Oh, I was quite bouncy in my youth. Don't be shy, fondle to your heart's content!"

Battler: "Gyah, gimme a break! It's girls I'm looking for! Not grannies!"

The jokes I'd cracked about Jessica were being turned against me. Come to think of it, Kumasawa has always been the type to tease people.

Rudolf: "Kumasawa-san, stop that now. People with one foot in the coffin shouldn't jump around."

Kumasawa: "To sport with the young is the most rejuvenating medicine. Hohohoh!"

Eva: "It's rare for you to come pick us up, Kumasawa-san. I wonder what's gotten into you. Usually, your lumbago kicks in whenever someone gives you a job to do. *giggle*."

Kumasawa: "Hohohoh, Eva-sama, you're as harsh as ever. I found myself with some urgent purchases to make, and while I was at it, I thought I would come welcome you all. Although, it does give a bad impression if the one waiting to greet you is a decrepit old woman. Hohohoh...!"

Aunt Eva spoke sarcastically, but Kumasawa baa-chan's years of experience were nothing to sneeze at. She was more than capable of smoothly and coolly deflecting that comment.

Well, it feels bad to say it, but old Kumasawa baa-chan may be past her prime as a servant. She might act as though she's in good health, but between the headaches and her lumbago, her body is wearing out. To tell the truth, the very fact that she's still working is impressive.

...How old is she this year again?

She must be pushing eighty at least. It's incredible that she's still able to act so cheerily.

Rosa: "You just seem to get more and more lively. Oh, that's right, here you are. It's the tea I told you about before. Look, I bought you some. Please do try it later on." Aunt Rosa took a souvenir bag out from her suitcase.

To think that she remembered a promise that she'd apparently made last year and faithfully bought it. ...This sort of thoughtfulness was just like Aunt Rosa. She wasn't the kind of person who would forget or break a promise.

Kumasawa baa-chan seemed deeply touched, not only that Aunt Rosa had remembered this year-old promise, but that she would bring a gift to a simple servant like her.

This woman is Kumasawa Chiyo-san (熊沢 チヨ).

She's a senior servant who's been working at the Ushiromiya Head Family household for many years. As you'd expect from someone her age, manual labor isn't her strong point, but she's a kind of super servant who can handle just about anything else, from kitchen work to cleaning and laundry.

It seems like her only flaw is a tendency to slack off.

I hear she tries to get away from heavy or troublesome work by playing up her chronic diseases. ...In Kumasawa baa-chan's case, this was probably a sign of craftiness rather than laziness.

...Though it probably doesn't impress those paying her salary.

Ah well, even if she's pretty flaky when it comes to work, I could never dislike her. I guess that's probably because of her cheerfulness and her constant smile.

Hideyoshi: "Hey, glad to see you're still in fine spirits! How's your back doin' then?"

Kumasawa: "Even with the medicine, it's not getting one whit better. According to the doctor, nothing can be done for this one. It's what you might call an incurable disease, hohohoh!"

Rudolf: "Anyway, Jessica-chan just keeps getting prettier. Good thing she takes after Natsuhi nee-san."

Jessica: "R-Really...? Personally, I don't think we look alike at all... I mean, I don't even wanna be like my parents. 'Cause I got zero respect for 'em."

Kyrie: "Now, you shouldn't say such things. *giggle* Though there are quite a few people who don't want to be like their parents in our family."

Battler: "Ah, that's me!"

Rudolf: "You sure as hell better not take after me. Your nose looking like mine already pisses me off."

Kyrie: "What are you talking about? You're surprisingly alike, you and Father."

Rudolf: "Come on, you can't be serious... Just how am I like Dad?"

Eva: "You're a lot like him, especially in how arrogant and prideful you are. Father's blood is especially strong in you and Nii-san. Wouldn't you say, Rosa?"

Rosa: "Oh, absolutely. Krauss nii-san and Rudolf nii-san are almost unbelievably like Dad."

Rudolf: "All right, all right already, why am I the only one under fire from the girls? Hideyoshi nii-san, gimme a hand, please."

Hideyoshi: "My my, Rudolf-kun, you're always so popular with the ladies. I'm jealous! Wahahaha!"

Kumasawa: "Hohohoh! As usual, you're popular enough to make me jealous. Well then, everyone, shall we head over to the boat? Come now, Maria-san, let's get on the boat together, okay?"

Maria: "Get on the boat together. Uu-! Everyone gets on together. Uu-!"

Battler: "Hell yeah, this time around I'm not gonna be scared. I'm used to being shaken by the waves. With that piece-a-junk fishing boat, I'm less afraid of the shaking than the engine breaking down and the boat drifting off."

George: "Oh yes, Battler-kun, I forgot to tell you. ...That fishing boat was completely worn out, so it was taken out of commission a few years back. Now we get taken to the island in a different boat."

Jessica: "Ohhh, right. It's Battler's first time in the new boat! It's super comfy! And frickin' fast! It can go at crazy high speeds!"

Battler: "Ohhh... That means less travel time, right? That sounds great! Having to worry about sinking is less scary than being on a plane, but it'd still be awesome to get it over with as quick as possible!"

Maria: "...Uu-. Is Battler going to go `faaall, faaall' again?"

Battler: "That's only on airplanes. Everything's fine now!"

Jessica: "Anyway, it's the captain's pride and joy, a kind of modded high-speed boat. Seems he's got it pretty souped up. He was bragging about how he attached four-base high efficiency propellers to make it break 40 knots, or something like that. He talks about it all the time, so I've sorta memorized the spiel."

George: "Yeah, I've got it memorized too, since we hear about it every year. The captain says he's been obsessed with modding ever since he lost a speed contest with a foreign boat ages ago. According to him, that opponent managed to break 30 knots with just a fishing boat."

Jessica: "And his thirst for a revenge match got him to build an awesome, all-new, super high-speed modded boat. I'm sure you'll just love it, Battler."

...S-Super high-speed modded boat...?

...My first thought was that this would be much better than some beat-up boat that might sink at any moment... ...but for some reason, I got this feeling of foreboding... ...Probably just overthinking it.

Rudolf: "Hey, Battler, maybe you should just swim to the island."

George: "Battler-kun, you shouldn't lean over the railing too much. You might fall."

Maria: "Uu-uu-!! Faaall, faaall!!"

Battler: "Daaaaammiiiiit, ...so this is why you were all grinning back there!"

So this is the super high-speed boat that the captain started modding... Oh, yes, that piece of junk fishing boat from six years ago doesn't hold a candle to this guy...

Battler: "Whooooooooa, it's shaking it's shaking it's shaking!! Gonna fall fall faaall!!"

Maria: "Uu-uu-uu-!! Gonna fall fall faaall!!"

Battler: "If I fall, I'll land in the ocean and drown...! Where's the parachute...?! I mean, where's the buoy?! Gimme a life jackeeeet!!"

Jessica: "Waah-hah-hah-hah-ha! Battler, what the heck're you doing that for, waah-hah-hah-hah-ha!"

George: "Jessica-chan, Maria-chan, it's not nice to tease. Battler-kun, if you're scared, then just don't come out on the deck. I think you'll be able to calm down a bit if you go inside the boat."

Battler: "Heheh, that's a no thank you, Aniki! Shipwreck victims are always the ones inside the boat. The survivors are usually those on the deck during the accident. So I'm staying right here!! But it's shaking!! I'm gonna faaall!! Whooooaaaaaahhh!!"

Maria: "Shake, gonna faaall!! Uu-uu-uu-!!"

Rosa: "Maria, I told you to behave yourself! ...But Battler-kun, it looks like you really can't handle it... I'll go tell the captain to slow down for you."

Battler: "Whooooa, Aunt Rosa, thank yooooouuuuu! I can tell you now that safe, slow driving is definitely the way to go, even on the seaaaaa!!"

Eva: "Heheheh! Don't do that, Rosa. Trials and tribulations are important for young men. Isn't that right, Battler-kun? You'd better be able to overcome a little scare like this. Otherwise, you'll never be able to go to Egypt with your aunt!"

Battler: "Whooooa, Aunt Eva, you're so meeeeeeeeaaaan! Ooh noooo, I'm gonna faaaaaall!! Life jackeeeet, parachuuuute!! Whoooooooaaaaaaahh...!!! W-Wait, gotta spin it around and think that way!! What's the enemy aiming for?! Is he doing this to scare me?! If that's what he's aiming for, too bad, like hell I'll be scaaaaaaaared!! But noooooo, I'm gonna faaaaaaall!!!"

...So, after I made a huge fool of myself for a while, Aunt Rosa had a talk with the boat captain, and he slowed down to a more manageable speed for me...

Battler: "...Haa... That's a bit better... ...Thought I was gonna die earlier..."

Apparently, the max speed I can tolerate is extremely slow.

...But that just now was completely insane... The whole boat was shaking! Sliding and leaping on the ocean's surface! It felt like I was riding on the back of a flying fish...

Jessica was still guffawing at me as I leaned against the railing, tired and disheartened.

Jessica: "I lost in that strength contest earlier, but I'm glad to know I'm no worse off where it really counts. But seriously, hahaha!"

Battler: "Dammit, ...go ahead and laugh. One of these days, I'm gonna find your weakness and get back at you...and then your boobs will be mine to squish..."

Jessica: "Ahahaha! Yeah, sure, good luck with that! Waah-hah-hah-ha!"

Maria: "Uu-. Battler, all weak."

Battler: "Yeah, Battler, all weak... I wanna die on land, not in the ocean or the sky..."

Maria was patting my back, so I patted her head in return. ...Her expression was blank, as usual, but I realized that she wanted to console me.

George: "Battler-kun, the captain's throwing in drinks to make up for this. Would you like one to calm yourself down?"

George-aniki and Kumasawa baa-chan brought us all ice-cold cans of soft drinks covered with beads of water.

Judging from Kumasawa-san's big grin, our parents inside the boat were probably all rolling around laughing at my moment of pure terror. Dammit, I'm so embarrassed, I can't bear to face any of them...

If I didn't change the subject somehow, I had the feeling I'd be the butt of everyone's jokes for the whole trip, so I tried to think of something harmless to talk about.

Battler: "...Hey, Jessica. How are Uncle Krauss and Aunt Natsuhi doing?"

Jessica: "My old man and Mom? Unfortunately, they're fine. Though every other word out of their mouths is `study, study', which pisses me off. I'm so jealous, since it doesn't look like Uncle Hideyoshi or Uncle Rudolf would say stuff like that."

George: "Hahaha, oh no. Before I had my exams, my parents kept pressing me about it over and over. I thought it was annoying then, but now I'm grateful."

Battler: "Hah, I knew it. You really are awesome, Aniki... Anyway, I have to look after myself. No one tells me what to do! Well, it's not like I'd listen if they did, hihihi!"

Kumasawa: "Battler-san, have you still not returned to your parents' home?"

Battler: "...Well, I kinda go back now and then. I've got lots of clothes and stuff left at the house I was living in until recently."

Maria: "...Uu-? Battler has two houses?"

Battler: "Uh, ...hmmm. ...Something like that."

Maria: "Why? Why do you have two houses? Uu-? Uu-?"

Only Maria, who couldn't really grasp the situation, voiced this naive question. However, the others just shot nervous glances at me, choosing not to respond even though they knew the answer.

Jessica: "Maria! Look, you can see the harbor now...! Look, over there! Can you see it?!"

Maria: "Uu-! Saw the harbor, saw the harbor!" Apparently, Jessica was trying to be nice by changing the subject.

...Ah, well. I'd rather not talk about it if I can help it, but it's uncomfortable to have it treated like some kind of weird taboo.

...I don't mind it that much myself anymore.

I may be a member of the Ushiromiya family, but the truth is that, for these last six years, I've been living with my grandparents on my late mother's side, and I've even been using her family name.

When those grandparents passed away one after the other, I basically had no choice but to go back and live with the old bastard.

Don't get me wrong. I didn't just run away from home or anything like that. The only one at fault here is my dad.

...I don't really blame Kyrie-san. Being able to hold that old bastard's reins and ride him out is no mean feat.

...Still, the way that old bastard betrayed my mom... ...Well, unfortunately, I still haven't fully gotten over that.

George: "*Ahem*. We'll be getting there soon." George-aniki cleared his throat, trying to change the subject.

Kumasawa: "...Please forgive my indiscretion. It seems this old woman has said too much already. If I have hurt your feelings-"

Battler: "Heheh! I don't mind it, and no one's feelings are hurt. Don't worry, Kumasawa baa-chan."

Kumasawa-san seemed to regret speaking out of turn, but I was more concerned about being worried over for something like that, so I stood up and passed it off lightly.

After that, I had a sip of my drink and headed over to Maria and Jessica, who were gazing at the silhouette of the island.

Maria: "Uu-! Battler, I saw the island, saw the island! There, there, there! Uu-uu-uu-!"

Battler: "Where is it...oh, I see it now. Even after six years, the island hasn't changed a bit."

The small island's silhouette in front of us had gotten pretty close.

This island's name is Rokkenjima.

It's a small island about 10km around, located in the Izu Archipelago.

Since they call this archipelago `the Izu Seven', lots of people think there are only seven islands, but that's not true.

There's actually several more, and Rokkenjima is one of the minor islands that don't get counted.

Even if that weren't the case, I doubt you'd find many people who knew about this island. Only people connected to the Ushiromiya family ever go there.

In other words, outsiders and tourists never have any reason to care about it. So, you'll never find this island's name in a travel brochure.

After all, all of Rokkenjima is an estate possessed by the Ushiromiya Head Family.

Only the Ushiromiya family lives there, and only people connected to the Ushiromiya family come and go to and from there.

There's nothing there except a harbor and a mansion. The vast majority of the island is still just uncultivated forest.

Such a waste, when it could be made into a nice golf course or something. However, when you realize that the entire coastline is a private beach, it starts to sound pretty magnificent.

You've probably guessed by now, but to put it simply... ...well, the Ushiromiya family is just rolling in dough.

The Head Family apparently possesses a vast fortune, and Dad and the others who make up the branch families have built up plenty of wealth for themselves, finding success in their respective businesses.

I've been living a commoner's life at my grandparents' home these six years, so I'd completely forgotten, ...but the old bastard's house really is elegant, and everything about it is tuned to match the snobbish tastes of the annoyingly rich.

Come to think of it, I guess that makes George-aniki, Jessica, Maria, and me wealthy, high-class gentlemen and ladies.

Needless to say, none of us think of ourselves that way at all.

I don't see myself as being rich, and George-aniki, who takes self-discipline very seriously, doesn't let himself get too comfortable.

Jessica is always complaining that she'd rather move to the city than be rich, and Maria is still a kid who isn't even interested in money at all.

...Does that attitude really make us any less snobbish? From the perspective of people in poverty who can't pay the bills, we really have been blessed with a lot.

This isn't the place to explain any further, so I won't.

Anyway, it's the same as not being able to choose the parents you're born from. I didn't ask to be born into a rich family. And I don't think it's really something to be envied.

It can be pretty trying when people are prejudiced against you just because you're rich and refuse to judge you by your merits...

As I pondered these sentimental thoughts, Maria started shouting and leaned over the railing.

Maria: "...Uu-. ...Gone."

Battler: "What's wrong, Maria? Did you drop something?"

Maria: "Uu-uu-! Gone, gone! Uu-uu-uu-uu-!!" Maria kept yelling `gone, gone'.

At first, it sounded as though she had dropped something, but while she shouted, she also pointed out over the ocean.

George: "What's wrong? What's gone? I'll look for it too, if you want. What is it? ...?"

If she'd dropped something, she would probably have looked down at the floor, but Maria was pointing out over the ocean.

One would assume by that gesture that she had spotted something, but she kept saying that something wasn't there... ...Strange.

However, since my last memories of this place came from six years ago, I was able to spot it before Aniki, who comes here every year.

Battler: "...Huh...? ...If I remember correctly, wasn't there a Torii or something on top of a small crag around here? ...That's right, it was definitely there. I remember it well, since as we get closer to the island, it's the first thing to greet us, like a landmark."

Jessica: "Wow, you're amazing, Battler. Even though it's been six years, you remembered."

George: "It was here, wasn't it...! I remember too. The tutelary god's shrine and that Torii-like thing were standing all alone on that crag. ...And now that you mention it, they are gone, aren't they? I'm pretty sure they were still there last year."

Maria: "Gone. Gone. Uu-uu-uu-!"

Battler: "Maybe they were washed away by the waves or something. It was a small crag, so it probably got worn away over time."

Jessica: "Well, that's my theory too. It was last summer that it disappeared. But they say-"

Kumasawa: "They say an enormous lightning bolt came crashing down one evening and smashed the shrine... ...The fishermen whisper that having a thunderbolt fall upon our honored tutelary god must be a portent of approaching misfortune. ...Kuwabara, kuwabara..."

Kumasawa-san smiled impishly as if teasing us, rubbing her hands together while entoning a Japanese phrase meant to ward off lightning.

However, Maria apparently took this seriously... and stared fixedly over the ocean to where the crag housing the shrine god was supposed to be.

Maria: "...A portent...of misfortune. ...Uu-."

Jessica: "Enough, Kumasawa-san. Maria isn't old enough to get that kind of joke."

George: "It's okay, Maria-chan. It's just a coincidence. Nothing scary's gonna happen." George-aniki put a hand on Maria's shoulder to calm her down, but Maria's sharp-eyed expression didn't waver.

Maria: "...Misfortune. ...Misfortune."

Maria muttered that word over and over. Apparently, repeating a single word over and over is a habit that Maria's had for a long time.

However, since the word she was saying was literally an ill omen, it was a bit creepy.

Battler: "Hey now, Maria. If you say it over and over like that, misfortune will really end up happening, you know?" I tapped Maria's other shoulder.

Maria whipped her head around, stared into my face, and spoke unblinkingly.

Maria: "Uu-. ...Misfortune...is coming."

Battler: "Huh? And just where is it coming from?"

I answered light-heartedly, trying to break the tension in the air.

...At that moment, Maria held up a finger, raised her arm high, ...and pointed up to the heavens.

When I looked up, I saw that the sky was still just as cloudy, but it had grown a great deal more leaden than it had been that morning.

That's right, they were saying that a typhoon was approaching.

...We had planned to spend one night on the island, but if this storm doesn't pass quickly, I won't be able to make it to school on Monday. Well, I guess it makes for a pretty good excuse to be absent.

Maria: "...Uu-..." ...She apparently sensed some kind of misfortune in this cloudy sky. She's been muttering that non-stop for a while now.

Girls at Maria's age tend to be very impressionable. She's just about the age that many girls start to get excited about sixth senses and whether they have any psychic potential and stuff.

...For all we know, this might be due to her childish, sensitive nature.

George: "It's okay, Maria-chan. The weather might get worse tonight, but tomorrow it'll clear up and become a pretty blue sky."

Maria: "Uu-. Pretty blue sky... ...Uu-..."

George: "That's right, by tomorrow it'll be a pretty blue sky. There's no rain that doesn't end, and no clouds that never clear."

Maria: "Uu-... ...Rain that doesn't end. ...Clouds that never clear. ...Uu-..."

Battler: "I know the typhoon's coming, but soon it'll go away! It'll be okay, Maria."

Maria: "...Uu-. ...Uu-!! Uu-uu-uu-!! Uu-uu-uu-!!"

Maria started yelling `uu-uu-'. ...It looked as though she was having a tantrum because no one could understand what she was trying to say.

What in the world is Maria trying so desperately to warn us about? Unable to understand her, we couldn't help but feel a vague sense of misfortune...

...I've heard that everyone can feel the supernatural, but that it weakens as you age.

That might mean that Maria, the youngest one of us all, still possessed some kind of sense that the rest of us had lost.

...I wonder if that sense is sending her a warning.

At that moment, Kumasawa-san quietly opened her mouth.

Kumasawa: "...Rumor has it... ...that long ago, Rokkenjima was-"

Jessica: "Kumasawa-san. Let's not talk about that now."

Just as Kumasawa-san was about to tell some kind of story, Jessica sharply interrupted her. Jessica's tone was extremely firm, for her.

I wanted to push her further, just out of simple curiosity, but judging by the look on Jessica's face, whatever Kumasawa baa-chan was likely to say would probably make Maria even more uneasy.

...If I did try to press her for the story, the odds were pretty good that it wouldn't be anything bright and cheery.

Kumasawa: "...Hoh hoh hoh, I do apologize about that... ...The wind here is hard to bear for the elderly, so if you would excuse me for now..."

Gossipers have no reason to hang around after they've been told to stop chatting.

When Kumasawa-san finally realized that she'd overstepped her bounds, she went back inside the boat.

After she left, Uncle Hideyoshi showed up in her place.

Since he'd arrived mid-conversation, he completely failed to notice the complicated atmosphere that hung about the scene, so he refreshingly and unwittingly swept that atmosphere aside.

So, in the end, it was his lack of tact that brightened the mood.

Hideyoshi: "Looks like we're almost there! Oookay, just a bit more! Took forever at the speed we went today, didn't it? Wonder whose fault that was! Wahahaha!"

Battler: "Aww, Uncle Hideyoshi, gimme a break already... Tahaha!"

Jessica: "Ahaha, come on, don't stop there. Seriously, thanks to Battler here, it's takin' forever!"

Maria: "...Uu-." Maria probably thought that everyone was refusing to listen to her.

She hung her head, wearing a fretful expression.

As she did, George-aniki crouched down to meet her eyes and spoke to her kindly.

George: "Maria-chan. There's nothing to be afraid of. Because we're all together. There's nothing to be afraid of if we're together. Go ahead and say it."

Maria: "...Uu-. ...There's nothing to be afraid of...if we're together..."

George: "Yes. There's nothing to be afraid of if we're with each other."

Maria: "...Uu-."

Battler: "That's right, exactly what George-aniki said. If we stick together, there'll never be anything at all to be afraid of. Right, Jessica?"

Jessica: "Yeah, no doubt about that. What George nii-san says is always true, Maria."

Maria: "...Uu-. George onii-chan always true."

George: "Yes. I don't lie. So trust me. There's nothing to be afraid of if we're all together."

Maria: "Uu-. ...George onii-chan doesn't lie. I trust you. There's nothing to be afraid of if we're all together. ...Uu-, not afraid!" Maria jumped into George-aniki's arms and hugged him tightly.

After Aniki patted her head, she jumped away again.

Her facial expression had undergone a 180 degree change, turning back to normal. She was once again the ordinary Maria.

Maria: "Uu-. There's nothing to be afraid of anymore, because we're together. ...Uu-uu-."

Battler: "Yeah, that's it. ...You look all better now. You're strong, and that's awesome!"

Maria: "...Uu-! I'm awesome!"

Hideyoshi: "Hey now, what's goin' on here? Maria-chan didn't get seasick, did she? Hmm?"

Jessica: "Hahaha, well, something like that. We'll be arriving soon."

The harbor was already drawing near.

# Chapter 2
# label: *umi1_2
# Arrival at Rokkenjima. Eyecatch: October 4 (Sat) 11:15 → 12:00.

The boat gave a big shudder.

Seems we've docked at the harbor. The boat driver came out and jumped to the pier with the mooring rope.

A large man in a tuxedo was waiting there for us with a warm smile.

...I didn't recognize his face, but judging by his clothes, I guessed he was a servant of the Ushiromiya Head Household.

Gohda: "Welcome home, Milady. You were so late in returning that I began to worry."

Jessica: "Ah, thanks for caring! This moron got so scared, we had to slow down. It was seriously annoying!"

Battler: "Sh-Shut up... Someday, when the shoe's on the other foot, you'll remember this...ugghh."

At this rate, word'll spread to the whole family, and I'll be the big conversation piece during dinner.

Even without this, everyone'd be talking about me because of that six year gap, ...but now I've given them an even juicier topic...! Dammit, why does the Ushiromiya Head Family have to live on this isolated island?!

In the meantime, the boat had finished its mooring. A small plank was lowered so that we could get down.

One by one, our parents came up from inside the boat.

Gohda: "You must all be quite tired from your long trip. Madam, please allow me to assist you."

Eva: "Thank you. It's been a while, Gohda-san. How are you?"

Gohda: "I thank you for your concern. It is always my pleasure to serve."

Kyrie: "Battler-kun, isn't this your first time meeting Gohda-san? If I'm not mistaken, you weren't working here six years ago, right?"

Gohda: "Indeed. So please, allow me to greet him for the first time. It is an honor to meet you, Battler-sama."

Battler: "...I'm pretty confident about my height, but you're huge. ...This is definitely our first meeting. I'd never forget meeting a big guy like you...! It's a pleasure. I'm Battler."

Gohda: "I was looking forward to meeting you. I am Gohda (郷田), your servant, and I have been working for the Ushiromiya Head Family since the year before last. It is a pleasure to make your acquaintance. If there is anything you need, please feel free to rely on me at any time."

George: "Gohda-san, it's been some time."

Gohda: "It has been too long, George-sama. Please, allow me to assist you."

Hideyoshi: "As usual, you're a pro at welcoming guests... If you ever need a job, just let me know, okay? I'd hire you anytime!"

Gohda: "You do me too much honor. Please allow me to assist you, Hideyoshi-sama."

Gohda-san then lent a hand to everyone as they disembarked, greeting them as they passed.

His speech and mannerisms had the refined polish of a professional. He was very graceful, in contrast with his initially tough-looking appearance.

His large size made him seem a bit scary at first, but he was much more polite than my first impression had led me to believe. He claimed to have served on the island for two years, but he had doubtless worked at a similar job somewhere before.

After everybody disembarked, the mooring rope was untied and the boat started to steer away from the harbor. It was probably returning to its home port on Niijima.

The captain waved his hand in farewell. Maria conscientiously waved her hand back.

Battler: "...Hmmm, now that I think about it, that must be why I've felt something out of place for a while now. I can't hear the cries of the seagulls."

Jessica: "Seagulls? The birds?"

If I remember correctly, whenever we came to this island in the past, the seagulls always greeted us with their lively `nyaa nyaa' cries.

Because of that, whenever I hear the cries of seagulls anywhere else, I get the feeling that I'm coming to a family conference.

Except for the small part of the island where those of the Ushiromiya Head Family live, Rokkenjima has been left uncultivated, which apparently makes it a paradise for wild birds.

Supposedly, there was a cliff somewhere that housed a huge seagull colony, so this island was always full of seagulls.

Not having those seagulls here to greet us made me feel a bit lonely.

Rosa: "What's wrong, Battler-kun?"

Battler: "Oh, Aunt Rosa. ...Nah, it's nothing really, I was just thinking it's a bit lonely without the cries of the seagulls."

Rosa: "My, that's true, now that you mention it. Even though they're always so noisy, today there isn't one to be seen."

Maria: "...Uu-? Why no seagulls?"

Rosa: "Hmmm, maybe it's because the seagulls are having a get-together somewhere too? Maria, did you want to see the seagulls?"

Maria: "Uu-, wanted to see them."

Battler: "Still, it's a bit strange there isn't even a single one around. Maybe Jessica grilled 'em all and ate 'em!"

Maria: "...Uu-?!"

Jessica: "The hell, don't say disturbing stuff like that! You'll get Maria believing it!!"

Maria: "Uu-uu-uu-! Jessica onee-chan grilled 'em, Jessica onee-chan grilled 'em! Uu-!!"

Jessica: "I did not, I did not! Why the hell would I do something like that?!"

Battler: "That's right, that's riiight, Jessica grilled 'em! Skin 'n meatballs, liver 'n oniooon!"

Maria: "Swim in meat dolls! Liver 'n oniooon!! Uu-uu-uu-! Ahaha, ahaha! Hahaha!"

As I made fun of Jessica, Maria tagged along, looking like she was having fun.

Ooh, I never guessed she was such a good sport! Alrighty then, from today on I'll make you my number one follower!

As I smiled at her, she beamed, looking overjoyed, possibly because she was happy about this little connection we'd made with each other.

George: "That's not it, Maria-chan. I've heard wild birds are attuned to changes in the weather and atmospheric pressure. The weather will probably get worse tonight. The seagulls might've returned to their nests early."

Maria: "...Uu-. Not grilled? Jessica onee-chan didn't grill 'em?"

Jessica: "No, no!! I-I wouldn't do something like that! Battler, you admit right now that you lied!"

George: "Battler-kun, Maria-chan is a naive girl, so she takes even jokes seriously. You should choose your jokes more carefully." ...George-aniki gently scolded me.

...Even though I outstripped Aniki in height, Aniki was Aniki, of course. There was no choice but to obediently apologize.

Battler: "S-Sure, my bad, my bad... Maria, that was a joke. The seagulls are all taking it easy in their nests today, that's all."

Maria: "...Battler lied? George onii-chan told the truth?"

Had she actually been tricked, despite all that fun she was having...? Her pure eyes made me feel guilty. ...Maybe I went a little overboard with her after all.

Battler: "Yeeaah, that's right, that's right. What George-aniki said is true. The weather's bad, so they probably went home for the day. It doesn't mean they're gone. Right, Aunt Rosa?!"

Rosa: "That's right. Tomorrow, when the weather gets better, I'm sure they'll come back so we can hear them cry `myaa myaa' like they always do."

Maria: "Uu-. I'll wait until the weather gets better and they come back. Gonna wait until tomorrow. Gonna wait until the weather's better. Uu-uu-!"

Maria was in a lighter mood and was looking forward to tomorrow, when the seagulls would come back and fill the skies.

Still, George-aniki really was amazing at taking care of kids.

...I think I remember Aniki taking good care of me as well when I was a brat six years ago. ...Aniki, that's probably your gift.

Rosa: "George-kun is amazing at taking care of young kids. If you wanted to, I'll bet you'd do great with a job in childcare, don't you think?"

Jessica: "Yeah, it's almost like George nii-san was born to do something like that. Personally, I think that'd suit you better than doing business in some company president's office."

George: "Oh, no. Childcare is a fine career path, but it's not a job where merely liking children is enough."

Rosa: "You really are modest, George-kun. But Battler-kun is quite good with children too! Just a second ago, even though it didn't last long, Maria seemed to be having a lot of fun. Please, keep on playing with her like you did just now. Just choose your jokes more carefully, okay? *giggle*."

Aunt Rosa winked at me, giggling a little. She's a real mother, I thought to myself, who's happy to see Maria having fun.

Rudolf: "Come ON, Rosa. And you brats too, what the hell're you doing? Let's get going."

Rosa: "Okay, okay, we're coming."

The old bastard was waving for us to hurry up. Yeah, we needed to get moving. We might as well have this conversation after setting our luggage down in our rooms.

Gohda: "Now then, everyone, allow me to lead you to the guesthouse, where you will be spending the night. Please, this way." Gohda-san called to everyone and led the way. Kumasawa-san brought up the rear.

A serpentine, twisting path led through a dim forest. It ran a bit uphill.

I'd guess the path was made all twisty so the slope wouldn't seem too steep, but personally, I'd have been happier if they'd had the guts to make some stairs in a straight line.

...No doubt they made the path twist on purpose, to put on airs of distance and importance...

Before long, we saw garden-style stone steps.

...Aaah, from here on, I do have some memories. Go up these, and...

At the top of the stone steps, we saw a beautiful guesthouse.

Its facade was lovely, of course, but more importantly, ...we couldn't enter its doors without having our hearts stolen away by the splendor of the beautiful rose garden spreading before it.

Hideyoshi: "Aaah! It's as beautiful as ever this year... A real delight for the eyes..." After climbing the stone steps, the people greeted by this rose garden gave voice to their impressions one by one.

Eva: "Is it just me, or are the flowers a little less lively this year? It's probably because it wasn't that hot this summer."

Gohda: "I also believe that was a factor. Sadly, this year's blooming is a tad inferior when compared to last year's."

Even so, it was a delightful rose garden. I remembered that even six years ago, huge numbers of roses had greeted us every year.

...This rose garden was the first thing that greeted the people who came to Rokkenjima. Even our parents, who came every year, couldn't help but give voice to their admiration.

In fact, it seemed to have undergone a power-up from the garden in my memories of six years ago.

Kyrie: "This place is always so amazing. It would be wonderful to have a rose garden like this at home."

Rudolf: "Give it up. Who do you think would take care of it? Roses are a real pain, with bugs and diseases to worry about."

Rosa: "Well, from what I've heard, Kyrie nee-san takes care of her rose every day and makes sure no bugs get anywhere near it, right?"

Rudolf: "Huh? What are you talking about?"

Kyrie: "That's right. Though in this person's case, the rose goes after the insects like some nasty carnivorous plant."

Rudolf: "...Oh, so that's what you mean. C'mon, Rosa, can't you give that a rest just for today? I've put that sort of thing completely behind me."

Rosa: "I wonder. After all, you're a womanizer on an almost genetic level...!"

Kyrie: "No need to worry, Rosa-san. When a rose gives you too much trouble, it's always best to snip it at the root."

Kumasawa: "Hohohohoh, such frightening talk this is."

Hideyoshi: "Guys who're popular with the ladies are always forced to live dangerously. I sure hope I turn out a bit prettier in my next life!"

Rudolf: "Hideyoshi nii-san, like I keep saying, it isn't like that at all. ...And Kyrie...stop it, you're freaking me out. You've made my rose wilt."

George: "Hey, Maria-chan, look over here. These roses are especially magnificent."

Maria: "...Magnificent roses. ...Uu-!"

Battler: "Hmmm, smells pretty sweet. Look, this suits my elegance perfectly."

Jessica: "Hey, cut it out! Maria's gonna imitate you and get hurt by the thorns!" She yelled at me as I leaned in to smell the rose's scent with an exaggerated gesture.

...I thought she was overreacting, but when I turned around, I saw Maria imitating my every gesture and George-aniki smiling broadly at us.

George: "Hey now, Maria-chan, be careful. Rose thorns can hurt."

Maria: "...Uu-? ...George onii-chan, only this rose is strange. Uu-."

Jessica: "Strange? What's wrong?"

Maria pointed at a single rose. I immediately understood why she found it odd.

In the midst of all these magnificent roses, one single rose was just starting to wilt.

There wasn't any particular reason. Some roses flourish, and others wilt.

That's all there was to it, but Maria seemed very concerned about the only unhealthy one in the group.

...It must have made her feel lonely.

George: "So, you feel sad for this rose because it's the only one that isn't healthy...?"

Maria: "...Uu-. The others are all healthy, but this one's sad."

Jessica: "Well, they all bloom and wither at their own paces. I'll bet this one's just starting to wilt early 'cause it got to bloom before any of the others."

Battler: "Yeah, that's right. It probably just bloomed like crazy, fulfilled its duty and went to sleep. You shouldn't get so worked up about it."

Maria: "...Uu-." It seemed that Maria's pure, sensitive nature was making her feel some emotional pain for the rose that wilted alone.

Even though she understood the logic of it, it still felt lonely to her.

George: "Then, Maria-chan, why don't you look after this rose until we leave?"

Maria: "Uu-?"

George-aniki straightened up and felt around in his pocket. He then took out the wrapper from the candy he had been sucking on the plane.

He twisted it into a thin string, then gently tied it to the rose as a sort of marker.

Jessica: "Heeey, that's pretty cute!"

George: "Let's mark it with this. Later on, you can come and give it some water. I'm sure Mr. Rose will be happy."

Maria: "...Uu-! Come to give it water!"

George: "I think you should give Mr. Rose here a name. I'm sure that'll make it happy, and you'll get to know it a little better."

Maria: "A name...? A name... ...Uu-uu-..." Though she still wore her usual sullen face, Maria crossed her arms and began to consider this intently.

At the very least, she appeared to have been completely pulled out of her slump. Nice going, Aniki.

Jessica: "George nii-san has always been really understanding. Can't help but respect him."

Battler: "Yeah. I guess he was just born that way. We've gotta start picking up tips!"

Hideyoshi: "Was this garden just as magnificent when you all were kids?"

Eva: "It was only after I stopped living here that it grew so big. Before that, the garden was simpler, though I'm still attached to that one. Nii-san fiddled with it too much, with that vaguely bad taste of his. I liked it much better before."

Hideyoshi: "Eva, you've gotta think positive! Settin' aside how it used to look, its beauty now is somethin' to be admired. You'll be able to relax a lot better if you look at it that way."

Eva: "I didn't mean it like that... I was just saying that I wanted you to see this garden the way it was before too."

Gohda: "Everyone, if you please, I shall guide you to your rooms now."

Gohda-san called to everyone to ask if we were ready, but our hearts had been completely stolen away by the rose garden that none of us had seen for a year, so we didn't pay much attention to him.

Since we weren't a travel group, it wasn't like we had a strict schedule to follow. Besides, since our parents were visiting their old home, full of nostalgia, it wasn't like they had to let themselves be urged on by anyone or anything.

Understanding the situation, Gohda-san continued to wait, smiling widely, until our parents got tired of the roses and told him to guide us to our rooms...

Hideyoshi: "Oh...?! Heeey! If it isn't Kanon-kun! It's been so long! How are ya doin'?!" Uncle Hideyoshi suddenly shouted.

In the direction he was waving... ...was a slender boy.

Meeting him right after a huge man like Gohda probably emphasized his small stature.

The boy was in the middle of transporting piled-up gardening tools and the like in a wheelbarrow. When he realized he was being called to stop, he set down the wheelbarrow, took his hat off and bowed his head.

Kanon: "... ...Good afternoon."

...I figured he was probably younger than me. And I realized by the general atmosphere surrounding him that he was another servant.

He greeted us in response to Uncle Hideyoshi's call, but he seemed like he might be pretty unsociable most of the time. It was a greeting that lacked feeling.

When Gohda-san noticed that our interest had shifted towards him, he went to the boy's side and introduced him to us.

Gohda: "Battler-sama, allow me to introduce you. This is one of the servants of the Ushiromiya Head Household. ...Kanon-san, greet our guest."

Kanon: "...I'm pleased to meet you. I am the servant... Kanon (嘉音)."

Yep, my first impression wasn't wrong. He seemed to be unsociable, or at least not so good at talking.

Compared to Gohda-san, who was extraordinarily polished as a servant, you couldn't help but feel an inexperience typical of his age.

When Gohda-san urged him in a whisper to give a bit more of an introduction, the boy named Kanon only cast his eyes downwards.

Gohda: "Kanon-san, could you perhaps give them a little more of a greeting...?"

Kanon: "...No. ...Because we... are furniture."

He didn't seem to be refusing to greet us out of spite. Rather, he seemed to have fallen silent because he didn't know what else to say to us in greeting.

Jessica: "W-Well, Kanon-kun's shy and doesn't tend to talk much. He might not be that sociable, but deep down he's really a good person! Don't get him wrong...! You've been working here for three years, haven't you? Pretty sure you started a year before Gohda-san, right?" Even though he wasn't exactly giving a terrible first impression, Jessica hurriedly backed him up.

...I see, apparently his unsociable nature causes him trouble a lot.

Battler: "Okay then, nice to meet you. I'm Battler! I'm 18. How old are you?"

Kanon: "..." He fell silent, as though wondering whether or not it was a question he'd have to answer. ...But here again, Jessica plowed ahead.

Jessica: "Um, uhh...! If I remember correctly, Kanon's two years younger than us, so...sixteen, right?"

Kanon: "...Yes, ...that is correct."

It looked like he would've preferred not to tell us his age if given the choice.

That was probably because he thought we'd look down on him for it. ...I remember that when I was around his age, I hated being asked how old I was by adults.

...I see, sixteen huh?

That's gotta be a delicate time. ...Which means I probably asked something I shouldn't have.

Battler: "Heh heh, I'm glad you're about our age! Just be cool and call me Battler! And I'll call you Kanon!"

Kanon: "...Thank you very much. But the sentiment alone is sufficient, ...Battler-sama."

Jessica looked panicky for some reason. She seemed to think my impression of Kanon was getting worse because of his refusal.

Well, as a girl, Jessica probably couldn't understand the fretful male heart at this age. As his elder, even by just two years, I took it upon myself to be understanding of that.

Gohda: "Kanon-san, could you perhaps be a little more courteous? A smiling face is also part of a servant's duty."

Kanon: "...My apologies. ...I shall make an effort."

Kumasawa: "Hohohoh... Gohda-san, Kanon-kun is trying his best, yes?" It looked like he was often warned about being unsociable. And apparently he hadn't improved one bit.

Gohda-san kept his business smile but let a small sigh of resignation escape.

Kanon: "...Well then, I still have work to do. ...If you'll excuse me."

It looked like Kanon himself was uncomfortable with remaining silent here any longer. After another perfunctory bow, he turned around and started pushing the wheelbarrow again.

Just then, the wheelbarrow suddenly wobbled and fell, scattering the load. I guess the wheelbarrow's single wheel got caught on a pebble and lost its balance.

Gohda: "What do you think you're doing...? Now, now, clean it up quickly...!"

Gohda-san urged him to hurry in a quiet voice, as though hinting that it was shameful for a servant to appear clumsy in front of guests. Kanon-kun wordlessly reloaded the wheelbarrow with the fallen objects, as if to say that he understood quite well without being told.

He seemed to be fine with the light-looking gardening tools, shovels and such, but he looked like he was having trouble getting his arms around and lifting up some sacks of fertilizer.

Jessica: "Are you okay? You're so careless. Here."

Gohda: "Milady, you will dirty your garments. Please, leave this to us." With a smooth motion, Gohda-san took the shovel that Jessica had picked up.

Behind him, Kanon-kun was having trouble with the sacks of fertilizer.

Maria: "...Uu-. You'll dirty your garments?"

Battler: "Don't worry, the ones I'm wearing aren't that expensive. Besides, I hate guys who just sit there and make the waitress pick up the fork they dropped at a restaurant." I lifted up the other bags that had fallen.

Of course, they weren't light, but for me it was a piece of cake.

Kanon-kun looked at me, surprised. It was the face of someone who never would've expected to receive help from a guest.

Kanon: "...B-Battler-sama, don't worry about it... I will take care of everything, so..."

Battler: "Don't you worry! I may not look it, but I've got it where it counts! Heheh!"

Since Kanon-kun looked like he hadn't yet gone through his growth spurt, he was stuck with a sorta weak body. This kind of weight might've been too much for him.

George: "It's quite heavy. It's natural that it would be difficult for you. Don't worry about it, Kanon-kun."

Battler: "Okay, my time to shine. This makes up for the boat stuff from before, right?"

Jessica: "Ha! As if this could make up for freaking out like that! Ahahaha! Later, I'll tell you about it too, Kanon-kun! Battler was totally hilarious!"

Maria: "Gonna faaall, faaall!! Uu-uu-uu-!!!"

As they did this, I piled all the stuff back into the wheelbarrow.

Kanon: "...I beg your forgiveness...for letting you witness such unsightliness."

Gohda: "Come now, that's quite enough. Please, go."

Letting the guests, who were supposed to feel welcome, see such a disgraceful thing... must have been hideously embarrassing for a servant. Pressed by Gohda to hurry up and go, Kanon-kun left.

Eva: "You're too harsh on him, Gohda-san. Shouldn't you have helped him, instead of being a bully?"

Gohda: "...That was wrong of me. I deeply implore your forgiveness." Without even a twitch in his smile, Gohda-san apologized elegantly.

Hideyoshi: "Kanon-kun has a ton a things he's good at too. It's just that bein' young works against him all the time. It's a cryin' shame."

Rudolf: "Well, it's a prickly age. Let's just leave him be. After all, closed-mouthed servants are the best kind. Isn't that right, Kumasawa-san?"

Kumasawa: "Hohohohoh, Rudolf-sama, you truly are harsh! There is no servant as silent as me, of course!"

Everyone smiled wryly at that obvious lie. Even she herself didn't believe that, not in her wildest dreams. So, she must've said it to lighten the mood.

Yeah, that's the kind of character Kumasawa baa-chan used to be.

The once stiff atmosphere had cleared up at once thanks to her cheerful smile.

Kyrie: "I'd like to set down our luggage soon. Gohda-san, what rooms are we all going to take?"

Gohda: "It shall be the same as the previous year. Allow me to guide you. Please, this way."

We headed towards a trim, elegantly simple guesthouse. This was gonna be our temporary quarters for the night.

Kanon: "..."

Kanon watched over a hedge as the guests all entered the guesthouse. Then, he let his eyes fall on those heavy sacks of fertilizer, piled up in the wheelbarrow.

In his mind, he kept going over his previous mistake.

Battler, big and strong, had picked up the sacks in front of him, the sacks Kanon couldn't lift himself, as if they were feathers.

It would be extremely difficult for an outside observer to guess what emotions that favor had stirred up in Kanon. But as far as you could tell by watching him hang his head, there was something that he just couldn't let go of.

...Muttered words escaped his lips.

But those words he murmured were so soft that they didn't reach even his own ears.

Kanon: "...Even I, ..."

Kanon hung his head, slightly biting his lower lip...

Battler: "I remember the rose garden, ...but I don't remember this guesthouse at all. Was it built recently?"

`Toraian' (Visitor's Retreat) was written on a gatepost-like thing, but since everyone called it the guesthouse, I followed their lead.

The brand-new Western-style guesthouse, which stood overlooking the roses, had a magnificent design carefully done in harmony with the garden.

George: "Correct! It was built the year before last. Ever since then, they've had us sleep over here."

Jessica: "Heheh, this place is more fun than that junky old mansion you knew. I wish my room was over here!"

Maria: "Uu-! I want a room here too! I want one!"

...I guess you could say my own house was upper-class, but to me, it felt completely ordinary compared to the Head Family.

The display of wealth was shocking, as was the fact that they'd build this kind of awesome guesthouse for guests who came over only a few times a year.

Gohda: "Eva-sama, Hideyoshi-sama, please, do make use of this room. Rudolf-sama, Kyrie-sama, please take this room here."

Eva: "I really do love how beautiful and elegant this place is. Western-style architecture truly is wonderful."

Hideyoshi: "I can handle Western design for a few days, but any longer than that and you need the good old Japanese look! Japanese people just relax best on tatami mats."

George: "...Haha, they've been fighting over whether to make our new house Japanese-style or Western-style. Mom still holds a grudge about Dad having the construction started with a Japanese layout, and they bicker all the time about it."

Jessica: "I'm really jealous, George nii-san. Your parents get along well, don't they? Mine are so frosty. Then again, they're always in sync when it comes to my grades."

All the rooms seemed to be for two people. I was grateful, since I wasn't gonna be forced to share the same room with the old bastard, under the pretext that we were family.

And anyway, I figure those two wouldn't be able to enjoy themselves with someone like me around, ihihi.

Kyrie: "What's with that creepy smile? You're thinking about something dirty, aren't you?"

Battler: "Ihihihi! Something diiirrrty? Of cooouuurse not! Please enjoy your staaay! Ow, owowowow! That hurts, you old bastard!" Once again, Dad pulled my ears from behind.

Rudolf: "Cut the crap. I'm getting a stomachache, and I'm not in the mood for this. You're the guest of honor this time around, so play as nice as possible with Dad and Aniki and the rest. ...At the very least, be careful of what you say in front of Dad, got it? Because wisecracks don't go too well with him. ...Jessica-chan, what's the Head's mood been like lately?"

Jessica: "...Hmm... Same as last year, I guess. ...Considering they say he's got three months left to live, he's as lively, grumpy, and irritable as ever."

Rosa: "Meaning, this year he's in his usual bad mood. ...And as usual, the only one who's able to look after him is Genji-san?"

Kumasawa: "It seems the Master will open his heart to no one else. Lately, us small people have not even been granted an audience with him..."

Jessica: "He's shut himself up in his study again, probably doing nothing but that weird black magic of his. What he does for a hobby is his own damn business, but when he starts stinking up the house, it really gets on my nerves. ...I wish he'd never come out of that study again. Heheheh!"

George: "You shouldn't talk like that about the elderly. We're all indebted to him, since he rebuilt the Ushiromiya Family. We should be more grateful."

Jessica: "Hm, ...well... ...Sorry."

After being rebuked by George-aniki, Jessica had no choice but to take back her thoughtless remark.

The Ushiromiya family was wealthy beyond belief, but of course, that meant all its members were a bit strange...and completely out of touch with the world at large.

And at the top of the chain, the Family Head--our Grandfather--seemed especially strange and terrifying, even for our family.

Dad said he was getting a stomachache earlier, ...and I imagine that reflected the honest feelings of all the adults here today.

No doubt they were jealous of us grandchildren, who could just play around and laugh without a care.

From the stories Dad told me, the Family Head was a violent man who ruled with his fists, beating his children, even his daughters, mercilessly with a wooden sword.

If he was so strict and uptight about that, why couldn't he have been a little more conservative with his kids' names? Because of that, even us grandkids have had to suffer.

...Anyway, I can't say I have any trouble believing those terrifying stories about him.

I don't remember meeting him very often, but I think I recall him looking extremely grumpy all the time, always making people cower with that sharp gaze of his.

I remember that the room's atmosphere got so tense whenever he was around, you couldn't even breathe.

What my dad said about me being the guest of honor now carries a little more oomph for me.

Battler: "...Six years ago I was in elementary school, but I'm a high-schooler now. If I act up, things could get serious. ...Oooh, scary."

George: "He does look frightening, but he's not so terrifying that you need to tense up like that. Nothing of what he says is truly unreasonable. He may be clumsy at talking, but he's a very logical person."

Jessica: "But George nii-san, you've been the family darling since like forever because of your awesome grades, right? Grandfather treats us completely different! I've even gotten slapped with a wooden sword. On my ass, my ass! On my maidenly, innocent ass!"

George: "Well, you're the heiress of the Head Family, Jessica-chan. Grandfather is giving you special attention. You've got to realize that his strictness reflects his high hopes for you."

Jessica: "Oh, come on. ...Seriously, I could just turn the succession over to you, George nii-san. It's a bit of a heavy burden for me to carry."

I think I already said it before, but Jessica's the girl heir to the Head Family. We're only cousins in branch families, so she probably feels a totally different sort of pressure than we do.

Maria: "...Uu-? Jessica onee-chan, is that heavy? If I help hold it, will it get lighter?"

Jessica: "Hmm? Ahahaha, thanks. It's okay, I'm not gonna push it on you, Maria. ...I'm gonna bear this cross until my grave. ...Don't worry."

She was grateful for Maria's innocent concern, but Jessica's face still seemed to contain some of the uneasiness she felt towards the future.

...Maybe we were in the same boat. Any high-schooler with exams approaching would have trouble hiding their anxiety for the future.

Rosa: "Maria, come here. You and I will be in this room."

George: "Battler-kun, I heard you're gonna be with me in this room here."

Battler: "Oh? Now there's a surprise! It's bigger than our parents' rooms, dang!"

Jessica: "Well, I figured we cousins would all want to hang out together, so I told them to get a bigger room ready."

Maria: "Uu-! I like it here more too! I'd rather be here than with Mama! Uu-uu-!"

Battler: "Oh, you like it better here too, Maria?! Okay, this room is George's and mine, but we'll give you special permission to come in! Better keep it a secret from your mom, okay?"

Maria: "Uu-! It's a secret!"

Aunt Rosa was right behind us, but Maria still answered, striking the air with her fists clenched tight.

After setting down their luggage in their rooms, our parents had gathered again in the corridor.

Rudolf: "Hey, what are you brats planning to do? Are you cousins just gonna stay here and chat?" It seemed they were heading to the mansion to announce their arrival.

...Normally, they would make us follow them and greet everyone together, but if that had been the case, Dad would've just told us to come, and that'd be the end of it.

He's saying it's okay if we don't come, so what'll we do?

Hideyoshi: "Well, it's gonna be lunchtime before long anyway. Better let the kids unwind here. Besides, if worst comes to worst, this might be their last chance to play outdoors."

Maria: "Uu-! I'll go too!"

Rosa: "Maria, you house-sit for Mama, okay? Behave yourself and wait here."

Maria: "...Uu-."

Since Maria was being told to house-sit here, we certainly couldn't leave her on her own. George-aniki noticed this immediately and gave a clear reply for all of us cousins.

George: "Well then, we'll accept your offer and house-sit. We've got lots of stories to tell each other, after being away for a year."

Kyrie: "That sounds wonderful. And Battler-kun has six years' worth of stories to tell, doesn't he?"

Battler: "Yeah, yeah. I'll take care of the house like a good boy."

Jessica: "Kumasawa-san, I'm gonna stay here too! We'll break rank and leave the rest to the adults, heheheh!"

Kumasawa: "Perhaps that would be best, hohohoh. I'll report it to Madam..."

Gohda: "Then allow me to guide you all to the mansion. This way, please."

Eva: "...The other children are one thing, but George is getting to be an adult. Wouldn't it be better if he came with us?"

Hideyoshi: "If we make him come, then poor George will be the only one out of place. Interactin' with his cousins is also important. Okay, see ya'll later!"

The adults left one after the other.

They left in the same formation as our trip from the harbor, with Gohda-san leading and Kumasawa-san taking up the rear.

As we gathered in the room assigned to us cousins, George-aniki asked us to excuse him for a second. He rushed over to Kumasawa-san, who was following behind the disappearing adults, and seemed to ask her something.

He soon finished his business and came back.

Battler: "What's up, Aniki?"

George: "Ah, nothing. I just wanted to ask her something."

Maria: "Uu-! Tell me too! Tell me too!"

Jessica: "...Hmm? Heheheheh. What could George nii-san be asking Kumasawa-san and not me, I wonder? Ah, I don't have a clue!"

George: "No, it's a misunderstanding...! ...Not that I know what you're misunderstanding...!"

Aniki was getting pretty tongue-tied.

It was almost as though he felt guilty about something, and Jessica knew exactly what he was worried about. At any rate, it's no fun if Jessica gets to know about it and not me!

Battler: "Hey, Maria, it looks like we're the only two out of the loop, right? Don't you wanna know what they're talking about?!"

Maria: "Uu-! We wanna know too! We wanna know too!"

""Uu-uu-uu-uu-!!!""

I fooled around while `uu'-ing together with Maria.

George: "No, I'm telling you... It's no big deal, ahahaha..."

Battler: "Liar! I'm surprised you'd tell such a terrible lie, Aniki. Confess! Maria, you tickle his right side, I'll tickle his left!"

Maria: "Uu-! I've got his right side, Battler's got his left! Uu-!"

George: "Wait a second!! Wait, you two...!! Ahahaha, stop, ahahaha!!" Maria and I played around, chasing George-aniki as he tried to escape, rolling on the bed.

I realize high-schoolers aren't supposed to bounce around like kittens, but I still missed this kind of fun.

A warm, cozy kind of fun.

Jessica: "Haahahaha, George nii-san, what were you asking Kumasawa-san? Hmm? Well, I've got a good guess. It's been a year since the last time he visited the Head Family. Who knows what servants might've come and gone during that time? Either way, it looks like he'd like to go and say hi."

Maria: "...Uu-? Say hi, I wanna to say hi too!"

Battler: "What the hell, that's nothing to feel guilty about, Aniki. ...Hmmmm? I'm not buying it. Maria, don't be fooled, Aniki's still hiding something! More torture!! Uworyaaa!!"

George: "S-Stop it, seriously! Aahahaha! Maria-chan, you too, stop already!!"

Maria: "Aahahaha, aahahaha! Hahaha!!"

Jessica: "She's probably busy cleaning or getting lunch ready. Don't worry, she'll drop by to say hi sooner or later. Heh, I'll bet you'd rather've been welcomed in by Shannon instead of that nosy Gohda. Heheheh!"

Battler: "Shannon? ...Shannon. ...Aaaaahh... Yeah, I remember a girl with that name! Is she still a servant? How's she doing?!"

Hideyoshi: "By the way, Natsuhi nee-san, how's your headache been lately? It seemed pretty serious before."

Natsuhi: "...I have been much better lately. Thank you for your concern."

Rosa: "Oh, right. Here. A present for you, Natsuhi nee-san."

Natsuhi: "...Thank you very much. I'm always receiving gifts from you. ...Is this black tea?"

Rosa: "It's herb tea with peppermint and lemon balm. It's a blend from a well-known store, and it's supposed to be good for headaches. I thought it might help you too."

Rosa was always a conscientious woman.

...Probably because she was the youngest of four and much younger than the other three, she managed to grow up without gaining the venomous nature of her siblings.

Her kind words got Natsuhi to soften her expression for just a moment, but it wasn't enough to melt her stony gaze, hardened as it was by long years of mental stress.

Eva: "Come to think of it, you're always complaining about those headaches. Pull yourself together. Jessica-chan has her exams this year, right? That's going to be a turning point in her life. Will she really be able to rely on you as a mother if you're like that? Besides, Natsuhi nee-san, you're three years younger than me. You should get your act together."

Natsuhi: "... ...I apologize. I've had a tendency for headaches all my life."

Even under normal circumstances, Eva sometimes failed to choose her words carefully, but her comments aimed at Natsuhi contained shards of obvious malice, though she hid it with a smile.

Of course, that fact didn't escape Natsuhi.

She frantically contained her urge to grimace and pretended to ignore Eva.

Kyrie: "Our Battler-kun will have his exams this year too. Rudolf-san, shouldn't you be a little concerned as well? For the sake of your own son, you'd better get serious to the point of having headaches like Natsuhi nee-san."

Rudolf: "If I say anything, he automatically rebels. So what should I say? Should I say the opposite, that it's okay for him to mess around? That's probably the only way I could get him to listen to me. Hideyoshi nii-san, George did really well on his exams, right? Please, you've gotta teach me the trick to handling children."

Hideyoshi: "Hmm, well... It's probably because I got him to understand why he should study! Study isn't worth anything on its own. That's right, the real point of studyin' is to practice researchin' stuff on your own whenever you bump into something ya don't know! If ya can't do that, ya can't be useful to society! I'm not talkin' about math or writin'. Ya gotta learn how to learn!"

Natsuhi: "...That's splendid. I wish our Jessica could understand that as well. If she is to be the heiress of the Ushiromiya family, then at this rate-"

Eva: "Do you really have to force her into becoming the successor? After all, a woman has to find a woman's happiness. Parents shouldn't force such things on their children, don't you think?"

Hideyoshi: "Hold your horses, Eva. Each family has its own way of raising their kids. You shouldn't be pushy."

Eva: "I'm sorry. Natsuhi nee-san, don't take it the wrong way."

Natsuhi: "..."

Though the light shining in through the window was quite warm despite the cloudy weather, there was a dark mood about the room, ...which was probably causing headaches for more than just Natsuhi.

As if to sweep away that mood, Kyrie brightly made a suggestion to all present.

Kyrie: "Still, this black tea has a really lovely aroma. Let's drink it right away. In Japan, surely you couldn't find something like Leopold's black tea anywhere but Ginza, right?"

Rosa: "I see you know a lot about it, Kyrie nee-san. I guess it was worth going to the trouble of buying it."

Kyrie and Rosa stood up from their seats and made as if to prepare the black tea, but Natsuhi forestalled them.

Natsuhi: "...I thank you both, but we can try that later. One of our people will soon be coming to bring some tea, so please relax."

Rudolf: "Leave it for later, you two. Let's enjoy our `welcome drink'."

Rudolf gave a subtle signal with his eyes for them to sit down again. ...Kyrie and Rosa understood instantly and obediently returned to their seats.

The initial greeting of the guests was complete, so it was time for them to be served some tea.

...It was embarrassing for the host that the tea was late, especially now that the guests were talking about making tea themselves.

Natsuhi bit her lower lip, frustrated by the ineptitude of the servants who were late bringing in the tea.

...Seeing her face, Eva immediately started to giggle.

...Of course, Shannon had no way of knowing what was taking place in the parlor.

She came pushing a serving cart piled with tea cups. For no apparent reason, Natsuhi gave her a pained look, and Shannon couldn't help but flinch without knowing what she had done wrong.

Shannon: "...E-Excuse me. Your tea is ready."

Hideyoshi: "Oh, Shannon-chan, it's been a while! You keep getting prettier every time I see you!"

Shannon: "...Oh, ...um, ...thanks..."

Natsuhi: "Save the chatting for after you've set the table. The tea will get cold."

Shannon: "...I-I apologize, Madam."

She apologized like a small frightened animal, bumped against the serving cart, and made a jarring racket as she dropped several teaspoons.

Her clumsiness made Natsuhi's expression turn even darker, which made Shannon quail even more.

Eva: "Come on, Natsuhi nee-san. There's nothing wrong with her exchanging a few words in greeting. The tea must be plenty cold already, considering how long we've been kept waiting. Heheheh."

Shannon: "Th-There's no need to worry... It's not cold yet..."

Natsuhi: "...Shannon, finish setting the table, quickly."

Shannon: "I-I'm sorry, Madam..."

Natsuhi's irritation was obvious by now.

...The ineptitude that delayed the tea, the clumsiness of the servant... Everything pointed to the incompetence of Natsuhi's everyday leadership, making her lose face.

As the person in charge of the Ushiromiya Head Family's kitchen, allowing that clumsiness to be exposed--today of all days--was surely nothing less than total humiliation.

Rudolf: "Lay off, Natsuhi nee-san. Don't you think it's a little harsh to bully Shannon-chan when she's trying her best?"

Natsuhi: "I'm not bullying anyone...!"

Kyrie: "What a nice aroma. May I ask what brand this is?"

Shannon: "...Umm, ...I- I'm terribly sorry... I'll find out for you later..."

Kyrie was trying to be nice, hoping to cut through the tense mood.

...However, Shannon had embarrassed herself instead, darkening Natsuhi's face and the room's mood.

By this point, Eva was audibly giggling.

Eva: "Whaat's this? Shannon-chan, don't you even know what you're pouring us? Come now, you mustn't serve something so suspicious to guests. We'll need a silver spoon at the very least before we can drink this."

Shannon: "...I- I'm sorry... I'll go get one immediately..."

Eva: "Shannon-chan, do you know what silver spoons are used for? They have to be silver. Do you know why?"

Shannon: "...No, ...umm..."

A teasing smile rose to Eva's face as she stared at Shannon setting the table.

By itself, Eva's expression was sweet in an impish sort of way.

However, the words being spun from her lips held the keenness of a razor within them.

Shannon tried with all her might to avoid Eva's continuing gaze.

Realizing that Shannon was hard-pressed for an answer, Rosa gave some timely help.

Rosa: "They say that if silver is touched by poison, it darkens. ...*giggle* Guess you've learned something today, Shannon-chan."

They were acting as though this tea needed to be tested for poison before it could be drunk.

In Natsuhi's eyes, this was an insult both to the tea...and to herself for serving it.

Rudolf laughed flippantly and patted Eva's shoulder.

Rudolf: "Haha, silver cutlery wouldn't do any good for you, Aneki. Just one lick of your poisonous tongue, and even a silver plate would turn pitch black."

Hideyoshi: "Wahahaha! Since I get to hear that poison tongue every day, I must be poison-proof myself by now! Eva, I don't mind when you use it on me, but you'd better hold back when talking to people who haven't built up a resistance! Wahahaha!"

Eva: "My, how cruel. All I did was teach Shannon-chan a bit about tea, didn't I? *giggle*"

Everyone followed the lead set by Hideyoshi's horselaugh and chuckled, though not easily.

Only Natsuhi didn't join in, but for the time being, the conversation inside the parlor could now be mistaken for a lively and friendly chat.

As Shannon finally finished setting the tea table and tried to leave, Kyrie apologized to her in a low voice for not being able to help. ...Shannon gave a light bow and made a hasty retreat...

Shannon cast her eyes downwards as she pushed the cart down the corridor...

Anyone seeing the pitiful way she looked might easily conclude that she'd been bullied in some way.

Kanon: "...Don't be sad. You didn't do anything wrong, Nee-san."

Shannon: "...You were watching."

Kanon: "That is my role."

Shannon: "..."

Kanon: "Madam and Eva-sama can go to hell. ...But the worst coward is that guy."

Kanon glared hatefully in the opposite direction of the parlor.

The preparations for the tea had been delayed by some trifling problems in the kitchen.

These problems were not Shannon's fault. In fact, it had been Gohda's mistake.

After all, there was no way a showoff like Gohda would give up a flashy job like bringing in tea when the guests arrived.

He had ended up wasting time preparing the tea once again.

So, when he realized he wouldn't be able to score any points for this job, he pushed the task of setting the table on Shannon, who happened to be passing by.

...You might call it a clever move on his part, but there could be no doubt that it was a cowardly one.

Shannon: "...It's okay, Kanon-kun. Thanks. I'm not bothered by it at all..."

Kanon: "..." Kanon's silence vividly expressed the distance between Shannon's words and how she actually felt.

Shannon: "...Thank you. Even if you're the only one who understands, I feel a bit better."

Kanon: "...You keep your feelings too bottled up, Nee-san. ...You should be less hard on yourself for once."

Shannon: "Yeah. ...Thanks." Suddenly, they both felt someone's presence and whirled around.

A middle-aged man stood there. It was Genji, the head servant.

Genji: "...What are you doing there? ...Shannon, hurry back to the kitchen."

Shannon: "Y-Yes. ...If you'll excuse me..."

Kanon: "..."

Shannon humbly obeyed and promptly made to push the cart and leave. However, Kanon appealed to Genji in silence, bearing something in his eyes that he could not express in words.

Genji: "...What is it? Did something happen...?"

Kanon: "...Sh- Shannon didn't do anything wrong. But even so, they..."

Shannon: "Stop it, Kanon-kun... ...Please excuse me. I'll return to work immediately. Kanon-kun, you should go back to your post too. ...Please."

Kanon: "...If you say so, Nee-san."

Genji: "... ...If that is all, then go."

Kanon: "...Yes. ...If you'll excuse me."

From the shadows in the hallway, an old woman wearing an apron watched over them. It was Kumasawa...

Kumasawa: ...Poor Shannon-san, Kanon-san... There's no reason for those two to be picked on.

Kumasawa: ...Still, Gohda-san's dislike for them is an undeniable fact...

Kumasawa: Until Gohda-san was taken in by the Ushiromiya Head Family, I hear he worked for a fabulous hotel somewhere.

Kumasawa: The manner of work he learned there was quite impressive, I believe.

Kumasawa: It's just that...Gohda-san is the newest servant here. ...He must have a lot of pride accumulated from his previous positions.

Kumasawa: Because Shannon-san and Kanon-kun are his seniors here at the mansion, and yet are inexperienced and have gone through much less in life than he has, he picks on them at every chance he gets...

Kumasawa: And also, ...sad as it may be, they are disliked by Madam Natsuhi too...

Kumasawa: Of course, if we're talking about experience, the Madam has been in this family much longer. And yet...this is one point where I cannot help but sympathize with the Madam as well.

Kumasawa: ...Truly, the Master is a man with many sins on his conscience...

Kumasawa: Why didn't he realize that such a trifling whim of his would give the Madam such an inferiority complex...?

Kumasawa: ...Of course, on the inside, even the Madam is fully aware that those two don't deserve to be treated so harshly...

Kumasawa: ...However, the heart has reasons that reason knows not...

Kumasawa: Aah, I feel so sorry for them...

Kumasawa: I can't do anything but watch over them from the shadows...

# Chapter 3
# label: *umi1_3
# Guest house cousin room; Kinzo's study. Eyecatch: October 4 (Sat) 12:30 → 13:30.

The four of us cousins were enjoying our stories, just shooting the breeze.

Anyway, there were both girls and guys here. Plus, we had people over a wide spread of ages: adult, high school, and elementary school.

Even if we just talked about our own lives, the other three kept listening attentively.

Battler: "I think I'm finally getting used to all this. Jessica and Maria have grown more than I could've imagined in the past six years. To be honest, I was feeling a bit uncomfortable, but talking like this, I guess that on the inside, nothing's really changed since back then."

Jessica: "I agree. You haven't changed a bit, even after six years. Even though your body's gotten gigantic, you're still a kid inside."

Maria: "Uu-! I'm a kid too! I'm a kid too!"

Battler: "Well, even you aren't gonna be a kid forever, are you, Maria? I mean, you're gonna transform from a kid into a cute young lady, aren'tcha? And when that happens, that flat-as-a-board chest'll reach Jessica's level, huh? When that happens, you gotta let me touch 'em, okay? It's a promise!!"

Maria: "Uu-! Let you touch 'em! Promise! Uu-!"

George: "N-No, Maria-chan! You can't make that kind of promise, that's bad, bad, bad!"

Maria: "Uu-? I promised, so I'll let him touch 'em! I keep my promises! Always keep them, uu-!!"

Battler: "...Mariaa, you really are an earnest, good girl... The guy you marry's gonna be really lucky."

Jessica: "Hey, stop trying to change the subject by making it sound pretty! Maria, that promise never happened! Never!"

Maria: "Uu-. The promise is cancelled? Uu-..."

George: "As I thought, without Battler-kun in our little quartet, this group of cousins just didn't feel complete. These six years have been kind of lonely."

Jessica: "...That's true. We didn't really goof off like this. Still, we did have have some pretty constructive conversations, right? Stuff about preparing for our future, exam-taking, finding jobs."

Battler: "Oh, I'm so, so sorry! Now that I'm here, we just talk about stupid stuff and mess around!"

Maria: "But I'm having more fun this year. Uu-uu-!"

George: "That's true. I agree, this year's the most fun yet."

Maria's sincere words probably spoke for everyone present.

George-aniki stroked Maria's head, and she giggled like a happy kitten...

Shannon: "...Pardon me. Your meal is ready." A timid knocking sound and the equally timid voice of a young woman came through the door.

Jessica answered brightly.

Jessica: "Shannon, come in! You remember Battler, right?!" Jessica stood up from the bed and opened the door.

There stood a servant girl who must've been about our age.

Shannon: "I-It's been quite some time since we last met, Battler-sama. It's nice to see you after six years. It's me, Shannon."

Trembling a little as she noticed me, she bowed deeply.

Battler: "...Ah...! Jessica had me surprised, but look at you, Shannon-chan! You've turned into a total beauty too, haven't you?!"

Shannon: "Y-You are too kind..."

Battler: "Still, the food on this island must be reeeally nutritional, huh? What are you eating and how are you training to get boobs that big?!! Guess I'll have to feel 'em a bit and see whether yours or Jessica's are bigger, okaaay?!"

With both hands poised and saliva dribbling from my mouth, I closed in!

...For the sake of justice and my personal honor, I'd like to point out that I don't suffer from some strange disease that makes my lymph nodes itch until I scratch my neck open and which can only be prevented by fondling breasts. This is just a Battler-style method of communication.

If I slowly close in on her like this, odds are eight or nine out of ten that I get slapped or clobbered, right?

So, I can use this Battler-sama original technique to spark a gag like that and break the ice!

...W-Well, it also means I really do get to touch them on that one-in-ten chance though, right?

Ihihyahyahya, like that'd ever happen!!

At that point, my hands were less than a centimeter away from Shannon-chan's boobs, ...but the counterstrike had yet to come.

She blushed and lowered her head in embarrassment when she realized what was going on, but she just stood there with both hands politely joined in front of her, not even trying to resist or cover her breasts.

...Hey, I wasn't planning on this!!

P-P-Please, hit me right now, or I'm seriously gonna...!

...Which is why I was glad that Jessica chose that time to drive her elbow into the back of my head.

Battler: "Guaaaah, ooooowww! Thank you so much, Jessicaaaaaaa!!"

Jessica: "W-W-Why the hell are you thanking me?! ???"

Battler: "Seriously, my bad, Shannon-chan. I almost got overwhelmed by your hypnotic chest... More importantly, anyone who gets that close has gotta be a molester. You've gotta fight back when people do that!"

Shannon: "...B-But you are... ...an important guest, Battler-sama..."

Battler: "Now look here, a pervert's a pervert whether he's a guest or not! A girl's chest has got an Air Defense Identification Range of about 10cm or so. Once someone trespasses within two centimeters, that's already an invasion of airspace, so you'd better scramble the jets immediately and give 'em an instant slap!"

Shannon: "...I-I couldn't do such a thing...! Because we are...umm, furniture..."

Of course she didn't want her breasts touched, ...but if a guest so desired, she was prepared to sacrifice herself to suit their wants.

...A girl like this needs some urgent protection...

Battler: "...T-To think such devoted girls still existed in this era... It's enough to make a man dizzy. ...But, no! NooOoo!! I'm coming at you with a perverted face again! Knock me down!! Look out, pervert on the loose! This gag can't end until you deliver the punch line, so slap me! Please! Hit meeee!!"

Shannon: "I...I cannot fulfill your request, because I'm furniture. ...But, ...if it were an order, I'd obey you. ...Because that is my duty."

George: "Ahaha, then I'll make it an order. The next time Battler-kun tries to touch your breasts, counterattack with a slap. Got it?"

Shannon: "...Y-Yes. As you wish. From now on, that's what I'll do. Please understand, Battler-sama..."

Shannon-chan announced this while bowing elegantly to me.

Her expression was radiant. I gave her a thumbs-up to show her I was fine with that.

Battler: "Six years ago, you might've been mistaken for a servant's daughter who lent a hand at your parent's work, ...but now you're a full-fledged adult servant. How long have you been working here?"

Shannon: "Well, I've had the pleasure of serving this household for about ten years."

She's 紗音. ...The kanji for her name are read as "Shannon". Now here's another name that's far from typical for a Japanese person.

Back in the day, I was a kid myself, so I accepted her name without paying it much attention. Thinking about it now though, her name's pretty unusual, even though she's not a member of the Ushiromiya family.

...Maybe it's like a servant's `professional name' or something.

...If so, that might explain why her name's so similar to Kanon-kun, that kid I met earlier in the rose garden.

She's a long-term servant who's served here since she was six years old. Her appearance had changed so much that I couldn't match her to the person of my memories, but we both knew each other six years ago.

That shy part of her had always been there, but she did seem to have developed the allure you'd expect of a girl her age.

Especially in her breasts. Yes.

George: "That kid we met earlier, Kanon-kun, is her little brother."

Shannon: "...He's not exactly my little brother... Still, he loves me like a big sister. ...He didn't cause you any trouble, did he?"

Jessica: "Haha! He's the same as always. If only he were just a bit more sociable."

Shannon: "...I...apologize if he's caused you any trouble..."

Battler: "Nah, he didn't cause any trouble at all! As a fellow man, I understand how moody you can get at that age. It's no surprise he's unsociable!"

Maria: "Uu-! I get called that all the time too! I get called unsociable! Just like Kanon! Uu-!"

Shannon: "*giggle* ...You aren't unsociable at all, Maria-sama."

Maria: "Uu-? Wanted to be like him... Uu-."

George: "Umm, you said the meal was ready, right?"

Shannon: "Ah, ...yes! I'm sorry! ...Your meal has been fully prepared, so please allow me to guide you all to the mansion."

Shannon bowed again formally and returned to her `duty mode'.

We realized that if we made her stick around for any more light conversation, it would actually make it harder for her to do her job. We got up off our butts to avoid interfering with her work any further.

George: "So, shall we go to the mansion? Everyone's probably hungry, right?"

Jessica: "Yeah. I'm really looking forward to Gohda-san's food. That guy was apparently a chef at this famous hotel, so he's super good at cooking!"

Battler: "Ooooh! I can't wait!! Let's go, Maria! We're gonna stuff ourselves like pigs!!"

Maria: "Uu-! Stuff ourselves like pigs!"

George: "No, no! You can't take everything Battler-kun says seriously, okay? Because he's always just joking around. Okay, let's go."

Under Shannon-chan's guidance, we headed towards the mansion.

Met once again by the magnificent rose garden, we continued onward...as the intimidating mansion of the Ushiromiya Head Family came into view.

It had apparently been built shortly after the war, so you could feel the dignity of almost a half-century hanging about it.

The building was gorgeous on the surface, but old as it was, equipment such as its AC and heating were apparently quite frail. According to Jessica, midwinter was especially tough, what with all the drafts.

...Haven't these people ever heard of a kotatsu?

As we entered the entrance hall, an aged servant greeted us. Now him, I remembered.

Genji-san (源次), who had been working here longer than anyone, filled the role of head servant.

Genji: "...Battler-sama, it has been quite some time since last we met." As our eyes met, he greeted me with a calm, composed voice.

His bow wasn't as graceful or refined as Gohda's, but despite its simplicity, it communicated his feelings very well.

Battler: "Genji-san, it really has been a while! You look well."

Genji: "Thank you. I have been quite well... ...And Battler-sama, you have become a splendid young man. ...You are beginning to resemble the Master in his youth."

Battler: "I look like Grandfather? Guess that means Grandfather was pretty popular with the ladies when he was young, ihihi!"

Genji: "...From here on, I shall take Shannon's place and accompany you. Please, come this way." Shannon-chan bowed deeply and watched us leave.

After that, we headed towards the dining room under Genji-san's guidance.

Genji-san, just like Kumasawa-san, stood in stark contrast to us young people who had grown beyond recognition over the last six years.

His appearance was exactly the same as in my memories from six years ago. It was as though time had stopped since the last time we met.

Genji-san was an extremely quiet and diligent person.

He was basically Grandfather's close aide or caregiver, ...and you might even call him Grandfather's companion of many years.

In fact, it seems he was by Grandfather's side even more often than my late Grandmother was.

According to Jessica, Grandfather trusted him more than any of his blood relatives.

But I wonder how long he's served.

I never got the details, but I heard something about him being here since the very beginning, when this mansion was first constructed.

...Which would mean that he's dedicated half of his life to serving here. ...It's easy to see why he's so trusted.

As we passed through a massive hall that extended up into the second story of the mansion with no separating floor...

...I spotted something that hadn't existed in my memory of six years ago.

It was an awfully big portrait hanging right in front of the stairs that rose to the second floor.

Without thinking, I stopped walking, captivated by it...

Since I'd stopped so fast, Maria, who was following behind me, ran into my back.

Maria: "Uu-?"

Battler: "...Aah, sorry. ...Hey, Jessica. Has that picture always been there?"

I pointed at the big, prominently-displayed portrait in the hall. Everyone else stopped too.

Jessica: "...Oh, ...right. When you last came here, that hadn't been hung yet, had it? When was it again..."

George: "Well, ...if my memory doesn't fail me, it was put on display sometime around the year before last."

Genji: "...You are correct, sir. In April of the year before last, the Master put it on display there, having previously ordered a painter to create it."

Battler: "Grandfather did that? So, he paid to have it painted just for him, huh...?"

The portrait suited this Western mansion, and that woman in the elegant dress gave off a sense of refinement.

...I couldn't have guessed her age, but her sharp eyes and the strong will she seemed to possess made her look youthful.

She seemed somehow different from the composed, middle-aged women you often see in famous pictures.

If she'd had normal black hair, I might've assumed it was a portrait of my long-deceased Grandmother in her prime.

However, she had beautiful blonde hair and didn't look Japanese at all.

Battler: "So, ...just who is this lady?"

Maria answered that simple question enthusiastically, as though proud she knew the answer.

Maria: "Uu-! I know. She's Beatrice!"

Battler: "Bay-uh...what?"

George: "...Beatrice. She's a witch. Didn't you ever hear stories about her, long ago?"

Battler: "A witch? ...You mean, ...the witch of this island?"

...I think I already said this, but Rokkenjima is a small island, only ten kilometers in circumference. However, that's actually pretty massive, considering that only the Ushiromiya family lives here.

So, only the harbor and the area around the mansion were set up to be lived in. Beyond that, the island remained as untouched as when it was uninhabited.

The vast and empty forest had absolutely no lights, phones, or people passing through. To understand how dangerous that is, you need to forget your common sense as a city dweller.

After all, if you happened to fall down a hole in the depths of the forest and sprain your ankle, no one would come save you, no matter how much you cried or screamed.

Then, once the sun went down, the forest would be wrapped in complete darkness, since there were no streetlights.

And, since there were no signs, it'd be easy to get lost and confused, losing your sense of direction inside that dark forest.

Nowadays, most people see a forest as a peaceful place, but to the people of bygone eras, before the light of civilization drove out the night, forests were as geographically separated from civilization as the sea. They were oceans above the ground.

Fishermen who go out into the ocean are putting their lives at risk, despite their technical knowledge...

In the same way, hunters who go out to the forest are in danger, despite having specialized knowledge of their own.

...If children were to go play in such a dangerous forest, something terrible might happen.

Someone's parents must have thought so. ...Maybe Grandmother first said it, or maybe it was Grandfather himself.

Or perhaps the story's been passed down on this island since ancient times.

...There's a terrible witch in the forest, so you must not go in.

At some point, this ghost story of Rokkenjima was born. This is the legend of Rokkenjima's witch.

That's why, when we talk about a witch on this island, we're referring to the master of that vast and savage forest.

Come to think of it, when I stayed at this mansion as a little kid, during those eerie nights when the wind and rain pounded on the windows, I remember being terrified by a story of the forest witch, who roamed around searching for human sacrifices...

So, ...Beatrice, huh?

...When Aniki mentioned it, I searched my memory and was sure I recalled hearing a name like that when I was little.

Battler: "...I see. Still, I totally forgot that the witch in that legend had an elegant name like Beatrice. ...So, did Grandfather go out of his way to have a portrait made, just because we grandchildren didn't believe the story?"

Jessica: "...She's the witch from Grandfather's delusions. ...Ever since he had this picture hanged, he's been having a harder and harder time telling the difference between truth and fantasy. ...To us, she's just a witch that exists in Grandfather's mind, ...but to him, she's a being that `exists' on this island. ...`Exists'. He says he had that painting made because the rest of us would be incapable of understanding otherwise. ...Hmph, the whole thing's creepy as hell."

Genji: "...Milady, ...this portrait is precious to the Master. ...I beg of you, do not say such things in front of him."

Jessica: "...I know. Even if you didn't tell me, I'd never do something like that." Jessica glanced at the portrait with an irritated gaze before turning away.

George: "...Let's go. We're making everyone wait in the dining room."

Maria: "Uu-! I'm hungry!"

...Only a small portion of this island was controlled by the Ushiromiya family.

All of the lawless remainder...was the domain of the witch, Beatrice.

...You might even call her the true ruler of Rokkenjima.

I felt a faint revival of that unsettling sense of misfortune... which I'd felt when I learned of the tutelary god's shrine being struck by lightning.

And I remembered that Kumasawa-san tried to tell an ominous story about Rokkenjima...before Jessica stopped her.

...I don't know what she was planning to tell us about this island.

But I do know one thing. ...It isn't the Ushiromiya family that rules Rokkenjima.

It's the witch, Beatrice.

That's right. ...After all, this is the witch's island.

Maria: "Battler! Uu-, you're slooow!"

When I looked around, everyone was already heading towards the dining room. I hurriedly chased after them...

We walked up to the huge double doors that led to the dining room. Genji-san knocked.

Genji: "...I have brought the children. Please pardon the intrusion..." The doors were opened, and we were invited inside.

The dining room, which looked exactly like you'd imagine a rich person's dining room to be, had a super-long table that was obviously positioned with no purpose other than to make the guests conscious of their rank. Our parents were already sitting in accordance with that ordering.

Rudolf: "You're late, brats. Hurry up and take a seat." The old bastard pressed us to sit.

The only gaps in that group of people were the spots we were supposed to sit, which only made us feel our tardiness all the more.

The seat at the head of the table, called the Incipient's Chair, was for the most highly ranked, reserved for Grandfather.

It was still empty. ...He probably wanted to show up last for dramatic effect.

From the perspective of someone facing the Incipient's Chair head on, the seating order went from left to right, with the lower ranking seats progressing in rows of two further away from it.

So, the left-hand side of the first row, closest to the Incipient's Chair, was where Uncle Krauss should have sat, since he was the second highest in rank.

...It looked like he hadn't arrived yet, so that seat was empty.

Across from his chair, on the right side of the first row, sat the eldest daughter of the family, Aunt Eva, who was the third highest in rank.

The left-hand side of the second row was for the fourth highest in rank. There sat my damned dad, Rudolf, the third of the siblings.

Across from him, on the right side of the second row, sat Aunt Rosa, the youngest sibling.

At this point, you might expect their husbands and wives to come next, but nope, the left-hand seat in the third row, rank number six, belonged to Jessica.

Opposite her was George-aniki. I sat next to Jessica, ...and Maria sat across from me.

Then, finally, next to me on the left-hand side of the fifth row, sat Aunt Natsuhi, the tenth highest in rank.

...Opposite her was Uncle Hideyoshi. Next to Aunt Natsuhi, in the sixth row and the final seat on the left-hand side, sat Kyrie-san.

The seat opposite to Kyrie-san was empty, even though silverware had been set there and everything. According to this ranking system, that spot was where Aunt Rosa's husband should be sitting.

...Even though he wasn't supposed to be coming, his place was made up.

Normally, ranking systems of this sort give spouses equal positions as their partners, but the Ushiromiya family's system was unique.

...Maybe it's a remnant of male chauvinism. If you start with the assumption that a woman's womb is just something to be borrowed, then the children of direct descent would come first, directly followed by the grandchildren.

In other words, spouses have no blood ties and are therefore placed at the end of the line.

...It's terrible, but by this system, my Grandmother would be ranked even lower than me, if she were still alive.

In their youth, they obey their father; after they get married, their husband; after aging, their children.

There's the old saying: `Women have no home in any realm'.

Long ago, when I was still incapable of figuring all this out, I'd thought it was so great that we could all chat in our little groups, adult siblings with adult siblings and cousins with cousins. However, now that I can reexamine the seating order after growing up a bit, it stirs up some very complicated feelings in me...

Aunt Natsuhi, who was married to the eldest son and was the de-facto number two in managing this family, sat to my right, ...which meant that she was two steps lower than me in the ranking order.

...It was hard to imagine what might be going on inside her heart.

That's why I made a small apologetic gesture towards her before sitting down.

Natsuhi: "How nice to see you, Battler-kun. You've grown quite tall, haven't you?"

Battler: "Oh, uh, yep! Six long years of eating well, sampling various cuisines, and deriving sustenance from Mother Earth's bountiful gifts. Hard work, but I pulled through."

Natsuhi: "Growing just like a boy, I see. How tall are you now?"

Battler: "I guess about 180 cm? But Aunt Natsuhi, that's where you're supposed to say `Heck, sounds like all you did was eat'!"

Natsuhi: "Huh? ...Oh, *giggle*, I'm sorry."

After a short pause, she did laugh with me, but it seemed she couldn't quite figure out what she was supposed to be laughing at.

This woman is Aunt Natsuhi (夏妃).

She's the wife of the eldest son of the family, meaning she's my father's older brother's wife. Is it simpler if I just call her Jessica's mother?

...It feels bad to say it like this, but while I didn't exactly dislike her, I didn't particularly like her either.

She hardly ever spoke with us kids, and all my memories of her involve her talking to the adults about complicated things, with a scary look on her face.

...In fact, since we hardly ever exchange words, I spent a long time trying to figure out how I should approach her. ...Though my efforts seem to have ended in failure.

The silverware sat neatly on the table, but the meal itself hadn't been brought in yet.

As a general rule, you couldn't start a meal until the person sitting at the head of the table arrived.

So, as long as Grandfather didn't come, lunch would be put on hold indefinitely. Not even the appetizers would arrive.

Simply put, the silence in this room was caused by our parents enduring their hunger while they waited for Grandfather to arrive.

However, the Grandfather from my memories would always show up on time to meals like this.

...He was the kind of person who would never be so late that it kept everyone waiting, especially after the entire group had arrived.

Battler: "Grandfather's pretty late. ...As far as I can remember, he was always strict about time."

Jessica: "Well, that might've been true six years ago, ...but it hasn't been that way lately. In fact, he's off in his own little world so often that he doesn't even show up at family meals. ...Still, I figured he'd at least come down today. ...Then again, I feel a lot more relaxed and happy without him."

Natsuhi: "...Jessica!"

When her mother scolded her, Jessica stuck her tongue out and looked away.

...No way around it. Might as well wait until our host arrives.

When I glanced at the clock, I saw that it was almost 12:20...

Ushiromiya Kinzo (金蔵), the aged Family Head of the Ushiromiya Head Family.

This man...could be seen in his study.

The clock had already passed noon, but he didn't even attempt to rise from his seat.

With his spectacles on, he built up a growing pile of books with elaborate bindings, which he then read intently.

You couldn't really say that he was having too much fun to stop. Rather, he filled the room with a sense of impatience, or perhaps a sense of impending danger, as though every second wasted was a tragedy.

In this sealed room, a dense dust danced through the air, which was thick with the stench of chemicals that exuded a mix of suspicious odors.

...Those odors were somehow sweet...and heavy.

If anyone with a normal nose came in here, the first thing they'd do would be to open a window and ventilate this room.

The knocking against the study door had been going on for a while. A voice calling `Father' sometimes mingled with the knocks.

As Kinzo heaved a deep sigh, he snapped shut the old book in his hands and slammed it on the table. Then, he yelled at Krauss, who was still knocking on the door.

Kinzo: "Silence!! Enough with that racket, you fool!!! Who told you the door would be opened if you but knocked?! I'll crucify the imbecile!! Do you wish to suffer the same fate?!!"

Krauss: "...Father, this is the day of the family conference, which happens only once a year, is it not? Everyone's gathered down below. Please come out."

Krauss called out to his father through the door. ...Kinzo always shut himself up in the study, hating it when nearly anyone, even his family, entered the room.

For that reason, Krauss had no choice but to call to him from the corridor like this...

Kinzo: "Molest me not!! Just who is this `everyone' of which you speak? Do you mean the fools trying to drag me out of here?!! Then kill them all! Tear them apart, use their bodies for firewood, and feed them into the witch's hearth!! Put a pot in that hearth to boil the wormwood! Force the imbeciles who dare try to lure me out of here to drink the broth of the Apocalypse! I will soak their dregs in liquor! Aah, where is Genji?! Call for Genji!! Have my demonic absinthe prepared! The whispering of the green fairy reaches me no longer!! Aah, where is Genji?! Bring him heeeeeere!!!"

...On the other side of the door, Krauss, Nanjo and Genji kept waiting for the master of the house, who stubbornly refused to come out.

Krauss: "Hmph... ...Looks like he hates me to the core. My voice doesn't reach him anymore." Krauss shrugged as though saying `It's no use' and smiled bitterly.

...From the beginning, he hadn't really expected his Father to respond to his calls. However, since it was the duty of the eldest son, he had tried as a formality.

Nanjo: "...Kinzo-san, your sons, daughters and grandchildren have come to see you, have they not...? Could you just let them see your face, if only for a short while...?"

Kinzo: "Shut up, be silent!!! You dare to admonish me, Nanjo?!! I never told anyone to get you, I told them to get Genji!! Now call for him immediately! Time is short, and the apostles are already readying their trumpets, so why can't you foolish sheep understand?!!"

Kinzo slammed an old, heavy book against the table over and over. That racket clearly expressed his great displeasure.

Kinzo put his spectacles down and flew up from his chair. He spread his arms wide open, as if to sing to a packed opera house, as if appealing to someone, and yelled.

Kinzo: "Why?! Why is there always something in my way?! I would throw it all away, I would offer up everything, and there is only one thing I ask in repayment!!"

Kinzo: "Ooh, Beatrice, if I could see your smile but one more time, I would plunder the smiles of the Earth and offer them all up to you!! Oooh, commanders of the legions of locusts, reap the smiles of the Earth, *cough*cough*, *cough*cough*!!! Aah, everything is filthy, everything is irksome!!"

Kinzo: "Why must I suffer this impediment on this most precious of days?!?! *cough*cough*cough*cough*!! *cough*cough*!!! Call for Genjiiiii!!! *cough*cough*cough*!!"

Krauss: "...I have no idea what he's yelling about. He's probably lost his mind by now."

Nanjo: "Krauss-san, ...isn't it a bit harsh to say such a thing of your own father...?"

Krauss: "My father is already dead. ...There's nothing here but a phantom of what Father once was. At any rate, as long as he has no intention of coming out, there's nothing we can do."

Nanjo: "...Kinzo-san." Choking coughs continued to pour from the study...

Krauss: "I'm going back downstairs. ...It would be a waste to let the fruits of Gohda's prized cooking talent get any colder. It's one of the few things our relatives can look forward to when they come to this house. ...Hmph."

Krauss spun around.

He looked at his watch, mumbling and acting as though he had wasted time doing something he knew would be in vain.

Krauss: "Genji-san, ...Father is calling for you. Keep him company."

Genji: "...Certainly."

Krauss: "Doctor Nanjo, let's go eat. ...If we stay here any longer, this sweet stench will ruin our sense of taste." Without waiting for Nanjo, Krauss went downstairs.

Genji urged Nanjo to go and eat.

...Nanjo glanced between the study door and Krauss's back as the latter disappeared down the stairs, then let out a deep sigh.

Nanjo: "...Sorry, Genji-san, but please allow me to leave this in your hands."

Genji: "Yes, ...please leave it to me."

Nanjo: "Do what you can to avoid giving him alcohol. ...That's a habit that's far too difficult to break."

Kinzo: "Is Genji not here yet?!!! Who dares keep Genji from coming?!! Aah, where's Genji, call for Genji!!!"

Genji: "Please, ...allow me to handle the situation here."

Nanjo: "...Very well. ...Forgive me." Nanjo bowed slightly and descended the stairs...

Genji watched him leave, then knocked on the study door.

Genji: "...Master, it is Genji."

Kinzo: "Genji?!! Why have you kept me waiting so long?!! You're alone, I trust?!"

Genji: "Correct. I am alone."

Kinzo returned to his seat in the study and pressed an old-fashioned switch on the table. ...After a small delay, the heavy sound of the door unlocking could be heard.

Kinzo was convinced that his family wanted to make a mess of his study.

Or perhaps someone had once opened the window for some air and ended up scattering things that, to him, were important research materials, leaving him in a terrible mood.

...Kinzo had outfitted his room with a formidable lock, preventing anyone from entering without his permission and thereby sealing himself in a jail of his own making.

Genji, whom he trusted the most, was relatively free to enter the room, but even that didn't always hold. If Kinzo was in a bad mood, even Genji wouldn't be able to enter.

...Anyone else would be limited to holding a conversation through the door, unable even to see Kinzo's face.

And most of the time, what they got could hardly be called a conversation.

However, this didn't trouble the rest of the family much.

After all, it just wasn't worth the effort to disturb this aging Family Head, who was impossible to please and always stayed shut away, immersed in his research.

Taking advantage of his refusal to leave his room, they supported his isolation, putting his care entirely into the hands of the servants.

Kinzo: "Genji, my usual. I'm busy."

Genji: "...Yes sir."

Genji headed to a corner of the study.

There, suspicious-looking bottles boasting venomous colors were on display.

...They were actually liquor, but considering the shady atmosphere of this room, one might easily suspect them of being some ghastly poison.

Inside the study, the mysterious collection of books gathered by Kinzo had grown into a mountain.

They were bizarre ancient or banned books, all of them either forbidden, cursed, or sealed.

But if you tried to call them `old books', Kinzo would fly into a rage and say...

"Call them Grimoires!"

There were also many mysterious objects that presumably held some meaning with regards to black magic, like candles suspiciously melted and molded into strange shapes.

The constellations drawn on a certain celestial globe contained quite a few shapes that would draw puzzled looks from anyone familiar with today's night sky.

The carelessly strewn-about books contained many illustrations, all of them of a religious or mysterious nature... including some depicting demonically grotesque subjects or bizarre diagrams of various magic circles.

And above all, a sweet, poisonous smell filled the room, profoundly assaulting the eyes and noses of those who entered for the first time. Eventually, it must surely make a person go numb and lose their grip on reality.

Inside that study, Genji prepared Kinzo's usual drink with a well-trained hand.

No one would even think of drinking such an ominous dark green liquid in that complex and ornate glass, unless someone first told them it was alcohol.

...He poured a little into the glass. Then, he placed a cube of sugar in a strangely shaped spoon and poured water from a pitcher over it.

Strangely, when the transparent water was poured, the dark green liquid turned a cloudy white.

...It was a strange optical illusion, as though the water had caused a chemical reaction and made the drink become even more unrecognizable as liquor.

Then, Genji added original flavors Kinzo loved, fine-tuning its taste.

...There was no recipe. Its success was measured only by Kinzo's mood swings when he drank it, and it had taken Genji many decades to learn how to do it right.

Genji placed the glass on a tray and walked over to Kinzo. By this time, Kinzo was gazing out the window.

Genji: "...Here, Master."

Kinzo: "Thank you..."

Kinzo had regained his composure and was now unrecognizable as the shouting, screaming, yelling man from a few moments ago.

Looking at this man from behind as he tilted his glass and gazed down at the scenery beyond the window, ...he projected a sense of dignity and intelligence.

To allow Kinzo to set his glass down at any time, Genji motionlessly waited behind Kinzo and to his left, as though he were a living sideboard.

Then, without averting his eyes from the window, Kinzo held out his glass.

There was only a mouthful remaining.

It was not a gesture intended to set it upon the tray, but a motion to hand the glass over to Genji.

Kinzo: "...Drink, ...my friend."

Genji: "...Your words are too kind for me."

Kinzo: "No need for ceremony between us. ...Drink, my friend."

Genji: "...Thank you."

Genji respectfully received the glass and inclined it a little to taste its contents. After that, he gulped it down.

Kinzo: "I attempted to imitate your concoction, but no matter how I try, I cannot replicate the taste. ...The way you make it is pure relish."

Genji: "...Thank you very much. It is the fruit of your guidance, Master."

Kinzo: "Hmph..." Kinzo smiled at his loyal subject, who refused to put aside rank even when asked to.

However, he was not making fun of him. His smile was relaxed, as though chuckling at a close friend's old, unshakable habit.

Kinzo: "...We have grown old together. I stopped counting the years long ago."

Genji: "It is entirely thanks to you, Master, that I have been able to live like this until today."

Kinzo gave a faint smile, as if to say he didn't need any flattery.

Kinzo: "...Until now, you have served me exceedingly well. ...My sons call me eccentric. The servants that were once many have all quit in fear of me. ...Only you serve me even now."

Genji: "...Your words are more than I deserve."

Kinzo: "...My life will not last much longer. ...My sons are vultures, lazily waiting for my inheritance to fall into their hands."

Genji: "..."

Kinzo: "Krauss is a fool who squanders money like water, who throws away two gold coins to obtain one. And then he has the gall to claim that he's earned money!! Eva is a slave to money, who thinks of me as a mere chicken!! When I die, she plans to use my bones to make a broth!!"

Kinzo: "That dunce Rudolf just wants to fool around with women!! Rosa bore the baby of a man who came from nowhere and about whom we know nothing!! Jessica is incompetent and uneducated!! George has none of what it takes to be a man! Battler is a fool who threw away the honor of the Ushiromiya family!! And Maria is obscene to the eye!!"

Kinzo: "Why is the Ushiromiya blood so incompetent?!?! Is there no one worthy to inherit the glory I built?! Aah, of course, I know, this is part of Beatrice's curse, I know it!! ...Hah, you Golden Witch, are you trying to take revenge against me in this way?"

Kinzo: "If you want to hate me, then do so! If you want to run away, then run!! I won't let you go, I won't let you go won't let you go won't let you go!! You belong to me!! You must always be in my arms! For all my life! You must stay in my birdcage for all eternity, whispering only to me!! Beatrice... Why...won't you smile back at me...? OOOoooooh, OOOooOOOoooh...!! BeatriceeeEEEeeee!! OOOoooOOOOoohh..."

After howling, Kinzo choked once again. Genji set the tray and glass down and rubbed his master's back...

Genji's facial expression did not change. ...It was always like this.

Kinzo: "...*cough*... Nnggg. ...Thank you, my friend."

Genji: "..."

When his seemingly deranged fit subsided, Kinzo regained his composure once again.

...It was like seeing two different people, a wild Kinzo and a composed Kinzo, living together inside one body.

Kinzo: "And so, ...I have decided. ...I cannot bear to spend my dimmed, remaining years procrastinating like this. If I have one final coin to bet, then I choose to abandon it to the whims of the Demons' Roulette. ...The power of magic is always determined by the risk of the gamble. Like visiting a shrine at the Hour of the Ox in ancient Japanese sorcery, to nail a curse doll to a tree. Magical power is produced specifically because of the risk that it will be seen within the seven days the curse takes. The greater the risk, the stronger the magic power will be."

Kinzo: "Many miracles that happened in myth might be called the crystallization of shocking magic power, with a low probability of occurance and astronomical risk! That Moses parted the waters of the sea was not a miracle of God-- the risk of that desperate situation, cornered by soldiers on the Red Sea's shores, weighed upon the scales of slaughter and gave birth to that miraculous magic power. If the same thing occurred again on the same scale, the sea would surely fail to part."

Kinzo: "After all, Moses was able to magnificently summon a miracle engraved on but one of the countless, enumerable results on the roulette of those with power. That is the force that can triumph over astronomical odds!! Indeed, good fortune that can grasp miracles is magical power itself!! To obtain this mighty power, one must face the risk of despair!! Those who possess no magical power may call that desperation rather than a bet!"

Kinzo: "However, people who truly do possess magic power can grasp hold of that miracle and make the enigma come into being!! And if that power exists within me...! I'll seize that miracle! I'll have a chance at making the wish I devoted my life towards come true!!"

Kinzo looked up to the sky outside the window. He spread his arms as if appealing to someone up in the skies.

Kinzo: "If only!!! If only I were capable of grasping that miracle!! ...Oooh, ...Beatrice, ...Beatrice... Show me your lovely smile once more... No matter how much time passes, your face does not vanish... I just want to see your smile, that is all...! I'll return everything you granted me! I'll return all the glory I've gained since that day! I don't need fortune, prestige, or gold!! I'll return everything you gave me!! I just want to see your smile!! I beg you, Beatrice!! OOOoooooOooh...oOoOOoh...ooh...!!"

...His nonsensical yells became a scream...and then a wail.

Kinzo slumped to the floor, tearing at it with both hands.

Genji had no choice but to wordlessly watch over his master's lamentations...

Krauss: "Well, ladies and gentlemen, ...the Family Head's health is not at its best. He seemed extremely sad not to be able to share lunch with you all, now that you have gathered for this event that occurs but once a year. ...Gohda, let the lunch begin."

Gohda: "Certainly. I shall begin today's luncheon."

Eva: "...Doctor Nanjo, is Father's condition really that bad? Couldn't he have at least let us see his face?"

Nanjo: "It's more a problem of mood than of physical condition... And for that, there is no medicine I can prescribe."

Rudolf: "Hey, are we talking about his `mood' again? You've gotta be kidding me. We took time out of our schedules during this damn busy autumn season just to come and find out how he's doing. And now he's-"

Krauss: "Hmph, ...then you should be happy, Rudolf. You now know how he's doing. ...Or what, would you rather take my place and try to persuade our ill-humored Father to come join us?"

Rudolf: "...Are you kidding?" Rudolf shrugged.

Apparently, though Rudolf was willing to be indignant at how self-centered his father was, he wasn't particularly disappointed to be spared a face-to-face meeting.

Rosa: "Does it seem like his mood will improve before dinner, Krauss nii-san?"

Krauss: "I have no idea. If you want to know that, you should ask him directly. ...Although, I think his mood will improve faster if we don't bother him."

Jessica: "Genji-san's the only one who can get Grandfather out of a funk. It's pretty pathetic though, making the servants deal with your own parent's bad mood."

Krauss: "Jessica. Don't speak out of turn."

She'd planned for her complaint to be heard only by her cousins, but it had reached even Krauss's ears.

Scolded, Jessica scowled and turned away, sulking.

Battler: "...If he's as cranky as they make him sound, he can't be that terribly sick, right? I mean, they're saying he's in a bad mood, not that he's got no energy, which at least proves he's got his wits about him."

George: "It's because Grandfather has especially strong willpower. ...However, that doesn't necessarily mean his body will be able to keep up. Since last year, they keep saying that he has three months left. ...If the initial diagnosis was correct, Grandfather has been prolonging his life by willpower alone. ...It's right for us to worry about him."

Lunch started with the Family Head's seat still empty.

...The man who should be sitting there had already grown old, and the brilliant glory which had rebuilt the Ushiromiya family in the span of a single lifetime was being forgotten.

Even though they were beginning the meal with that seat still empty, no one felt it was that odd anymore...

# Chapter 4
# label: *umi1_4
# Dining hall / mansion. Eyecatch: October 4 (Sat) 14:00 → 13:30.

The Ushiromiya family conference was held once every year, on the first weekend of October.

If a normal family were to hold a so-called `family conference', you'd expect it to be nothing more than a reunion of rarely seen relatives who greet each other around buckets of sushi or something.

However, part of the family's great fortune had been lent out to Grandfather's children, and no one in this family was considered an adult until they had met with success in business, so this meeting literally was a conference.

How much of the fortune was invested? What sort of business was conducted? How much profit was earned? As a result, how much of the fortune borrowed from the main family could be repaid? Or, possibly, how much more would be borrowed for future business ventures? What lessons had they learned, and what could they learn from their mistakes?

It seems that topics like these were discussed very seriously in the past.

My dad said it was like lying on a bed of nails.

Apparently, it used to be a very serious family meeting, where people were bathed in scornful and angry voices, and some people even got slapped despite their age.

However, that had become a thing of the past.

Now, with everyone pursuing their own business ventures and achieving success, it was becoming more of a normal yearly get-together.

Even so, telling Grandfather about recent events was extremely stressful, so while it was nothing more than a simple get-together for us grandchildren, it was still a real stomachache for our parents.

The absence of the man who was the source of all this trouble, regardless of the reason, probably made today's lunch taste much more delicious.

The phrase `While the demon is not around, everyone can relax' comes to mind.

Anyway, let's introduce Jessica's father, whose face I haven't seen for six years.

The man sitting to my father's left is his older brother and Jessica's father, Uncle 蔵臼.

...This name sure is easy to read.

Krauss (蔵臼).

...Now that we've gotten used to this string of weird names, our perspective is totally skewed, so Krauss doesn't actually seem that bad. It even starts to sound kinda cool...

Just like with Aunt Natsuhi, I didn't have many memories of speaking with Uncle Krauss.

He had never been one to chat to children, and I felt like he was always talking with the adults, just like Aunt Natsuhi.

According to my father's gossip, he was a spiteful and violent man.

If what he said is true, Uncle Krauss used to be very domineering from his position as the oldest sibling...and was despised by all the other siblings.

...Though, despite that, those siblings all seem to be chatting happily together.

Oh, well. Even if their relationship was bad when they were children, sometimes when people grow up and live apart from each other, their relationships change. That's probably what this was.

After all, they all had children of about the same age.

By sharing the same family environment, they probably profited by exchanging opinions.

Maybe because of that, a short while ago the circle of parents began to discuss the exams Jessica and I would be taking.

Jessica, in order to escape questions about exams from my father on her left, purposefully faced right while firing off a rapid series of comments, not giving him any chance to get a word in.

Moving on, let's look at the end opposite from Krauss and the others.

In the very last seat at the table, an old gentleman with a sturdy physique sat facing Kyrie-san. This was my first time meeting him.

I had only just been introduced to him, but it seems he's Grandfather's personal doctor, a man called Nanjo (南條).

I heard he used to own a huge clinic on the nearby island of Niijima, but he turned it over to his son and began living a life of leisure in his old age.

He had known Grandfather since the very beginning, when the mansion was first constructed on this island, and had built up a relationship over several decades. I thought at first that the two of them might've gotten to know each other through Grandfather's suspicious hobbies, but it seems he was actually Grandfather's chess partner.

...I see. That kind of hobby seems very like our Grandfather, what with his love of all things Western.

Nanjo's probably the only person who could enter Rokkenjima despite being neither a family member nor a servant.

He looked like a calm old gentleman as he listened to the discussion between Kyrie and the other women, who sat near to him.

...Considering how long he stayed by the side of our short-tempered Grandfather, his generous heart was probably nothing to laugh at.

...Still, even if he was a family doctor, having anyone outside the Ushiromiya family attend the family conference was a little odd.

It made me think that Grandfather's condition might've worsened so much, it'd be a major topic of discussion at today's conference...

After all, George said something like that just a second ago.

Something about how we've been getting continuous reports since around last year that Grandfather didn't have long to live.

...It's nasty to think about it, but consider how rich Grandfather is.

At the time of his death, his wealth will suddenly be released, probably along with a fair share of our parents' stomach acid, and it'll lead to ulcers for everyone.

After all, this sort of thing just gets messier when there's more wealth to be divided.

There's a good chance they'll be talking about stuff like that at the family conference. ...Still, it's not like it's got anything to do with us kids.

...Finally, even though he hasn't shown up, let me introduce our Grandfather.

The person who should be sitting in that `Incipient's Chair' is Ushiromiya Kinzo.

...It really sucks. Everyone else in the family has these weird names, but he's got this perfectly normal one himself.

If only his name were written Kinzo (金蔵), but he let us call him `Goldsmith' or something, I'd totally freak out.

As you can probably guess by now, he's a frightening person with an extremely short temper.

I'm one of his grandchildren, not a son, and I haven't seen him since elementary school. Thanks to that, I have no memory of being beaten myself, but our parents were apparently raised with an iron fist.

That earlier conversation between my dad and Uncle Krauss, about who should go convince Grandfather to come down, seems pretty darn funny once you know their background.

You can't really tell Grandfather's story without covering that pivotal event back before the Showa era (1926-1989).

Until the Meiji (1868-1912) and Taishou (1912-1926) eras, the Ushiromiya family was great and prosperous.

They owned several spinning mills, making them rich enough to just double over laughing every day as the money kept rolling in.

Incidentally, Grandfather was a member of a branch family and had pretty much nothing to do with the main family.

Not only was he way down the list of people who could inherit the Headship, but he had hardly any contact with the glamorous main family.

However, during the Great Kanto Earthquake in the year Taisho 12 (1923), the mansion owned by the Ushiromiya family in Odawara was flattened.

The spinning mills in Tokyo were all burned down in a huge fire, and the Ushiromiya family lost most of its wealth and family members in an instant.

So, once they started trying to figure out who the successor to the Ushiromiya family should be, they apparently found no one remaining except Kinzo in his branch family.

In Kinzo's later reminiscences, he referred to this as good fortune so great that it overturned fate.

With that, Grandfather's boring, everyday life did a 180. He was entrusted with reviving the dying Ushiromiya family, which had lost nearly all of its wealth.

However, just because he had been entrusted with this task didn't mean he could accomplish it. Apparently, those around him weren't really expecting much.

However, this is when Grandfather began displaying his extraordinary talent and good luck.

Grandfather used all of the family's remaining wealth, as well as everything from the hair on his head to his toenails, as collateral in order to borrow a massive amount of money. Once he'd built up a gigantic war chest, he immediately invested in businesses.

It was like someone tumbling down a hill on a bike without any brakes...

...And then jumping onto a neighboring bike, and then another one! Just like some crazy street performance. I'll bet everyone thought Grandfather had no business ability whatsoever.

However, after several miracles and turns of good luck, with coincidences piling up and every chance taken advantage of, he was suddenly in control of powerful connections with the occupying forces.

At that time, McArthur and the GHQ were the ultimate authority in Japan.

Grandfather, in a twinkle of an eye, began succeeding in business under the protection of the occupying forces, quickly becoming very rich.

By this point, it's probably safe to say that information, not luck, saved the day.

He must have made some seriously deep connections with the occupying forces. ...Grandfather knew beforehand about emergency demands that would be made for the Korean War.

No, it was more than that. He must have predicted those emergency demands from the very beginning, when he started investing his money.

The history books make it sound like all of Japan made a large profit off of the emergency demands during the Korean War, but that isn't actually true.

Only a very limited number of the super rich played the money game and made an easy profit.

Most of the citizens remained poor.

...In other words, Grandfather was a member of this extremely lucky group of winners.

I'm pretty sure this all happened during the year Showa 25 (1950) or so. The Great Kanto Earthquake happened in Taisho 13 (1924), so...

...That means Grandfather was able to revive the near-dead Ushiromiya family in only about 20 years to a level even higher than it had ever been before.

With that, you'd think he'd revive the main family in Odawara, but for some reason, he went and did something as crazy as buying an entire small island in the Izu archipelago.

Buying an entire island is not something that you can ordinarily do today.

However, Grandfather was clever. He contacted the GHQ and applied for the establishment of a marine resource base.

He acquired this island as a business property, then tossed that project aside and claimed it as his own plot of land.

After the war, there were prevention measures against food shortages, and having the sponsorship of the GHQ meant that nobody could oppose him. From what I've heard, the Tokyo Metropolis of that day offered this land to him practically for free. Later, Tokyo made difficulties by telling Kinzo to return the land, but the pushy GHQ intervened.

Anyway, it seems under-the-table bribes did their work well. In the end, the city gave up in frustration.

Grandfather, with considerable skill and good luck, managed to weather the stormy seas of that period, obtaining a vast fortune and his own island.

Of course, it probably wasn't all luck. He was obsessed with all things Western, which helped him cultivate his English skills. He was able to use this to his advantage and sink his teeth into the GHQ.

A mansion was built on the island soon after. This mansion, in fact.

Grandfather, with his love of the Western style, made this once uninhabited island a canvas upon which he could realize his dreams to his heart's content.

...He now had the Western mansion of his dreams, overflowing with emotion and atmosphere, and a beautiful garden featuring all sorts of roses.

And, he had a private beach where nobody other than himself would ever be permitted to leave a footprint.

...This would be a dream come true for any boy.

After that, he made good use of his huge fortune, becoming a large stockholder in the extremely stable iron and steel industry, and was able to live an easy and comfortable life just using the dividends.

Well, he's just that incredible.

This kind of person usually has the ability to foresee and predict the future, or at least that is how they're portrayed after the fact. But Grandfather denies all of that, repeatedly saying that he was simply blessed with extraordinary luck...

...Anyway, even a lord like that can't help but grow increasingly eccentric when locked up alone on an island, where all his dreams are made real.

Everyone knows that he's had a Western obsession from the start, but none of our parents really know when his bizarre black magic hobby began.

Did his love of black magic begin way back when he became fascinated with everything Western, or did his miraculous stretch of good luck while reviving his family cause him to feel a mysterious power in himself?

At some point, Grandfather began to make the research of black magic his life's work. He filled his study up with suspicious books, chemicals, and magical items as he became increasingly bizarre.

From what I've heard, those around him warmly (?) watched over him, figuring that someone who had achieved success in life had a right to do as he pleased, but...

...There's no way that's true. They were probably just creeped out, thinking `That's disgusting, I don't want to get involved.'

Anyway, ...that agitated period was an age of big gambles, with both opportunities and risks.

Let's say Grandfather was born in this time period.

He would've had no opportunities and would probably have advanced like a chess piece from mandatory education to college at a leisurely pace, never becoming more than an average salaryman.

If that happened, he'd probably have sat somewhere, happily talking behind his boss's back. No, no. Not in a fancy dining hall like this. More like at a table in some bar.

Then again, I'll bet this family conference would be a whole lot more relaxing if that were the case.

Okay, that's enough about the old geezer. More importantly, let's talk about this incredible lunch!!

Battler: "I'm already convinced by that sashimi salad appetizer! Gohda-san's an excellent chef! Plus, these fish were caught in the adjacent seas, weren't they?! They're totally different from the sashimi you get at the supermarket!"

Rudolf: "Hey, quit it, Battler. Your upbringing will be exposed." Everyone let out a big laugh.

Damn it, you say that even though you love those cheap pubs.

George: "Hahaha. I've eaten at many unusual places because of work, but this stands right up there with the best of them. I'd be willing to bet Gohda-san used to be pretty well known in those circles."

Jessica: "Well, I don't know the details, but stuff got complicated at the long-standing hotel he used to work at, what with them opening a new establishment with the same name and breaking into factions or whatever it was. In the middle of all that, he was apparently forced to retire. At that time, Mom just happened to be sending out job offers for a servant."

As Gohda removed the empty plates, he began to recount his own bumpy past without losing his smile.

Gohda: "The world is a difficult place. However, thanks to the Madam, I was given a chance to display my skills as a chef once again, this time for the Ushiromiya family. Although I enjoy experiencing the smiles of a larger number of people, I also find it quite entertaining to perform more delicate work that can please the limited number of those who have employed me. All this is thanks to the opportunity given to me by the Madam." Gohda-san respectfully bowed his head towards Aunt Natsuhi.

Natsuhi: "That's because you were the most talented of the applicants. The decision was purely objective, not based on personal feelings, so there is no need to thank me."

...Dang, why does Aunt Natsuhi always have to sound so indifferent? If only she spoke with a bit more kindness, she might leave a different impression.

Shannon-chan and Kumasawa-san entered from the hallway with a serving cart.

Shannon: "...Please excuse us."

Gohda: "Now then, let us move on to today's dessert." Gohda-san and the others laid the beautifully adorned dessert out in front of us all.

I guess it's true when they say you have another stomach for dessert...

I'd thought I'd already filled up on delicious food, but as soon as I laid eyes on that dessert, my stomach started yelling `More!'

I don't know much about desserts, but this looked really good.

A white pudding-like substance was garnished with two shades of red sauce, and elegant rose petals adorned the dish.

Normally, during a high-class meal like this, you're supposed to wait for the chef to extol the virtues of this particular meal before eating.

However, Maria was completely indifferent to strict rules like that, so she got excited by this beautiful and delicious-looking dessert, jumping into the fray as soon as it was placed before her.

Aunt Rosa scolded her, calling it bad manners, but George responded by saying 'Now, now, it's okay.'

Maria: "Uu-?! This part's sour! This part's sour! Battler, this one's no good! Uu-!" Maria exclaimed as she sampled the two colored sauces.

Battler: "What, some are good and some bad? Okay, I'll give it a go! Mmmmm?!"

Apparently, one sauce was sweet and the other sour. Despite it being bad manners, I also stuck my little finger in and licked it.

Whoa, one of the sauces was sour enough to make you pucker up. If it were yellow, I'd have suspected lemon, but I couldn't guess what kind of sourness would be red.

I decided to ask Shannon, who was putting away the serving cart behind us.

Battler: "Shannon-chan, what kind of sauce is this sour stuff?"

Shannon: "...Umm, ...uhh, ...aaah..." Shannon-chan hesitated.

Maybe her job was just to set the table, so she doesn't really know. Still, even considering that, she seems pretty stressed. ...Maybe I shouldn't have asked. Or did they use some ingredient that we'd be better off not knowing about?

While Aunt Natsuhi made a gesture that seemed to indicate an oncoming headache, Kumasawa-san, who was setting the table at the opposite seat, began to chuckle.

Kumasawa: "What do you think we made it out of? Hohohoh, it'll shock you..."

Battler: "Huh? I-I don't have a clue. Wait a sec, Kumasawa baa-san, that laugh's pretty creepy. So, what is it?!"

Kumasawa: "...Don't tell anyone, okay? Listen very carefully."

Kumasawa-san leaned across from the other side of the table. I leaned forward myself when she asked. Their interest caught, Jessica, George-aniki, and, of course, Maria also put their ears closer.

Maria: "Uu-. What? Whaaat? Quickly! Quickly!"

Kumasawa: "You see, the sour part is made from... juice squeezed from a mackerel, hohohoh!"

"""Whaaaaaat, mackerel?!?!"""

`That's crazy,' we all thought, horrified. Only Maria accepted it, nodding sagely.

Maria: "Uu-? Mackerels are sour. This is what comes out when you squeeze them!"

""...Pfft, wahahaha...!""

When Maria started clamoring that mackerel were sour, the adults were unable to contain their laughter.

Rosa: Only Aunt Rosa, her face red, whispered to Maria that mackerel is sour only once prepared as shimesaba.

Aaahh, now I totally remember. Kumasawa-san was always like this, wasn't she? I think I remember her tricking me too in all sorts of ways when I was young!

The most lethal has gotta be that one! Those flimsy black things in Chinese dishes! They're kikurage mushrooms! She told me they were penguin meat and I went all around school like a smartass telling everyone, didn't I?!

Battler: "Kumasawa baa-chan, you sure haven't changed...! You know Maria's gonna believe it now, right?"

Kumasawa: "Hohohoh, it's just a joke. Now Gohda-san's going to tell us what the sauce really is, won't he?"

Gohda looked a little put off about his masterpiece being laughed at for such a bizarre reason, but after clearing his throat once, he introduced the dessert to us.

Gohda: "Well then, allow me to introduce our dessert. After seeing how much you all enjoyed the rose garden earlier today, I finished this panna cotta in a rose garden style. The rose petals scattered across were selected just now from that very rose garden. The sauce is a combination of two reds, strawberry and rose hips. Please enjoy this mixture of the strawberry's sweetness and the rose hip's sourness. Furthermore, the rose petals are merely decorative, so please avoid them while you eat. With that said, please, enjoy."

...Whoa... Man, I almost want to applaud before eating. Just like with medicine, reading the detailed description first seems to make it work a whole lot better.

As Gohda-san elaborated on the details of this dessert, it started to feel even more appetizing.

Seriously, should you call him subtle or just talented? The dessert was probably planned from the beginning, but taking the hint when we all stopped in front of the rose garden earlier today, he displayed an incredible and timely awareness by just adding a few rose petals from that garden.

This combination of sweet and sour was also exquisite. If it was just sweet, you'd just get used to it and bored halfway through.

But if you reached the sour sauce at that point, you'd get a really vivid taste. And then, once you returned to the sweet sauce, all of the sourness in your mouth would be replaced with an enjoyable sweetness.

I'm sure everyone else felt the same way.

Every time Gohda-san passed by one of our seats, someone praised the taste and his presentation.

Gohda: "How is it, Madam?"

Natsuhi: "Splendid, as always. It is worthy of entertaining our guests."

Gohda: "I am most grateful for your words. ...Madam, did you know? I have heard that rose hip has the ability to cure headaches. I thought that you in particular would appreciate it, so I had it specially prepared."

Natsuhi: "...Is that so? Thank you."

Kyrie: "See, didn't I tell you, Natsuhi nee-san? Rose hip is great for headaches."

Natsuhi: "So it seems. ...I do hope it actually helps."

Hideyoshi: "Haa-! Gohda-san, I love ya! Hey, later on, why don't you tell me how they're treatin' ya?! Or if ya can't, just let me know what sort of salary you'd like! Havin' your talent confined to this small island is sacrilege to humanity's cookin' culture! What d'ya think about working your craft for my company and delightin' all our customers?!"

Krauss: "Hahaha, Hideyoshi-san, are you trying to steal away our Gohda? Now that won't do at all. We'd better start treating Gohda better, or he'll get snatched up."

Eva: "*giggle* Yes, you really should. If you don't, someone's gonna grab him, and you'll be stuck with three meals of Kumasawa-style mackerel cooking a day, won't you?"

Kumasawa: "Hohohoh, that's harsh. It seems someone's holding a grudge against me."

"""Wahahaha!!!"""

Everyone let out a huge laugh.

According to Jessica, Kumasawa-san's mackerel jokes were a running gag that our parents had long since gotten used to.

Kumasawa-san often claimed that mackerels had precious nutritional value, which could slow aging, make people smarter and more.

...Supposedly, while it couldn't stop the outward signs of aging, it helped prevent aging on the inside. Since she was still spirited enough to tell these kinds of jokes at her age, there must be something to that theory.

Kumasawa: "Hohohoh... In that case, if you'll excuse me... Prepare yourself for tonight's dinner! I'll be cooking plenty of mackerel dishes for you all, so you'd better look forward to it!"

Rudolf: "Wahahaha, we sure will. Can't wait to get all puckered up from tonight's shimesaba!"

Rosa: "That sounds wonderful. I wonder if they'll be serving any good Japanese sake."

Kumasawa: "Oh, we certainly will. Haven't you heard of Rokkenjima's famous mackerel shochu...?"

"""Wahahaha!!!"""

Kumasawa-san, together with Shannon-chan, bowed and pushed the serving cart away.

It was pretty funny to watch Gohda-san, who looked like his show had totally been stolen, explain in a serious voice that we would be having calf steak for dinner.

Shannon: "...Umm, ...Kumasawa-san, ...thanks for doing that back there..." As she pushed the serving cart, Shannon bowed her head very deeply.

Kumasawa: "Hohohoh, I haven't done anything that requires thanks." Kumasawa may have played dumb, but she had obviously understood and saved Shannon in the nick of time.

Back when Battler had asked about dessert, Shannon had unfortunately hesitated.

There may have been several ways to dodge the question, but all of them would have required some quick wits.

Shannon, who hesitated when hard-pressed for a response, was always suffering because of this small weakness.

If only Shannon had a little of the craftiness needed to cleverly shake off a mistake, like Gohda, her life would've been a bit easier.

The fact that she could perform other tasks flawlessly made this weakness even more unfortunate.

However, there were some who understood Shannon's honest nature, her inability to gloss over a mistake and draw attention away from it.

...That was why Kumasawa had smoothly come to her rescue.

Kumasawa: "I just heard from Genji-san that there will be a change in the afternoon shifts. I believe you were given a break until this evening. Hohohoh, I'm jealous."

Shannon: "Huh? ...Oh, sorry, I haven't checked the shift chart yet."

Kumasawa: "Ah, yes. I was thinking I might start cooking some mackerel in the oven. If you don't mind, I would be happy if you would help out a bit before your break."

Shannon: "Ah, yes...! I would be delighted to help."

To Shannon, Kumasawa was like a mother among the servants.

The dining hall needed to be cleaned up, so we were chased out. Instead, tea was being served in the parlor.

Apparently, they'd prepared the black tea that Aunt Rosa had bought for Aunt Natsuhi.

Maria said she also wanted to have some black tea, but my old bastard said she couldn't and told us children to go play outside.

George: "Battler-kun, why don't we all go for a walk outside?"

Hideyoshi: "Go ahead and take a look at the roses or somethin'. But keep a close eye on the weather. The sky's still clear, but the weather report kept on talkin' about rain."

Maria: "Uu-! I wanna go to the beach, the beach!!"

Eva: "Oh, that sounds wonderful. Playing on a sandy beach isn't something you get to do often, is it?"

Jessica: "Ah, good point. Okay, let's all go to the beach then!"

Maria: "Uu-! Let's go, let's go!"

Rosa: "Maria, be careful not to get your clothes wet. Or your shoes."

Maria: "Uu-! Won't get wet!"

Kyrie: "*giggle* That obedience is so cuuute. Battler-kun, make sure you keep an eye out for Maria-chan, okay?"

Battler: "Sure, leave it to me!"

Rudolf: "Hey, you're pretty obedient and cute yourself, listening to Kyrie like that. ...Why don't you also listen to me obediently for a change?"

Battler: "Hah! Hell no! Let's go everyone, c'mon!"

The children flew out of the parlor.

They were replaced by Genji, who pushed a serving cart in and prepared to serve the tea.

The parlor was filled with a sublime aroma which delighted everyone while they waited to sate their thirst...

Krauss: "Hahaha, ha... Rudolf's family certainly seems close. It's a wonderful thing."

Rudolf: "Quit it. We're no match for your family, Aniki."

Eva: "That's true. You've raised Jessica-chan to be so adorable. I imagine that's yet another fruit of your talents at education and training, Natsuhi nee-san."

Natsuhi: "...Thank you." Natsuhi answered coldly.

...The conversation broke off then, and the parlor fell silent.

Maybe Hideyoshi couldn't bear the silence, because he broke it himself with an exaggerated gesture.

Hideyoshi: "Still, they sure do grow fast. ...I thought they'd be kids forever, but they start gettin' huge all of a sudden, and then they're adults like us. Battler-kun looks like a completely different person now!"

Kyrie: "His body has grown much bigger, but he's still just a kid. Though you could say the same about my husband."

Rosa: "...I wonder where the border between child and adult is. I still don't feel as though I've grown up."

Krauss: "Hmph, isn't that pitiful. That's not something the mother of a child should say."

Eva: "That's right. We're not children anymore. We're all adults now. So I wish we could talk together on an intellectual level, rather than an emotional one."

When Eva smiled with sharp sarcasm, everyone seemed to get more tense. ...It felt as though that pleasant tea aroma had been tossed out the window.

Krauss: "Since long ago, we've always endeavored to engage in intellectual conversations. ...It seems your sarcasm occasionally misses its mark. Just as it always has."

Eva: "...Oh, what is it you've `always endeavored' to do? My, my. I wish I could wrap those words up and send them to this room a few decades ago. Right, Rosa?"

Rosa: "..." Rosa gave a vague smile. She knew that, whether she agreed or disagreed, she'd earn the displeasure of one of her siblings.

It was a bit of worldly wisdom that had been essential for someone growing up as the youngest sibling.

Rudolf: "Quit it, Aneki. We'd better get started on our main topic while the brats aren't around. Let us make that our intellectual discussion."

As Rudolf glanced over the faces of all present, some let out a slight sigh and some let a small look of resignation cross their face.

...They were approaching their unavoidable... true agenda.

Rudolf: "Last year, his life expectancy was estimated at about three months. Which I guess means he's got negative 9 months left now. Should we take that to mean it might suddenly happen at any time?"

Natsuhi: "...The Family Head is still alive and well. The fact that you'd bring up such an inappropriate topic under the light of day...makes me doubt your sanity, Rudolf-san."

Hideyoshi: "Still, Natsuhi-san, this is the sort of thing you can't put off until after somethin' happens. He's still healthy now, which makes this the perfect time to talk about this, while we've still got time to plan. It's just a bit of financial etiquette, you might say."

Krauss: "It seems Father is the focus of everyone's concern. ...Doctor Nanjo, could we hear the details from you? That appears to be what everyone else is waiting for, after all."

Nanjo: "...*cough*."

Nanjo, who had been standing by the window and staring out at the rose garden, let out a single cough when he realized that he was being called.

Rosa: "...Doctor Nanjo, ...how is Father's condition?"

Nanjo: "Well, to begin, ...allow me to start with a revision, since my estimate last year that he had only three months left was not borne out."

Eva: "No need to explain. You're saying that measuring remaining life is only a prediction, not a promise, right?"

Nanjo: "...That is correct. Because of that, while I will accept everyone's repeated questions, I can by no means confirm when he will pass away. A human's life is supported by their body and their mind. ...If the body is weak, the situation becomes more dangerous, but if the mind is strong enough to compensate for that weakness, the effects of one's condition can sometimes remain in a subdued state."

Kyrie: "So you're saying that even if his body is weak, his mind is still firm and spirited."

Rudolf: "...Kyrie, sorry, but please stay quiet for a bit."

Kyrie: "...I'm sorry."

Nanjo: "That is correct. Kinzo-san's body is being overwhelmed by the demon of ill health. This will hold especially true as long as he continues to partake of such strong alcohol..."

Rudolf: "So, he's in a crisis now because he drinks. And maybe he's lived this long because he drinks. There's Dad for you, the heavy drinker."

Eva: "Well then, Doctor, I know you can't give anything more than a prediction, ...but what do you think about Father's chances of living until this day next year...?"

Natsuhi: "That's quite a rude question to ask about the Family Head." Natsuhi jumped on Eva, not even bothering to hide her astonished expression.

Eva stared back daringly, but Hideyoshi realized what was going on and tried to smooth things over with a forced smile.

Hideyoshi: "Ah, Natsuhi-san, forgive her! Eva, choose your words a bit more carefully, okay?"

Eva: "I'm sorry. I was just so concerned about Father's condition. *giggle*."

Natsuhi: "...Is that so? I hadn't realized."

Krauss: "Doctor Nanjo, please tell us. For the sake of the beautiful love of a daughter worried about her father's lifespan." Krauss laughed sarcastically, and Eva, smiling sweetly, returned an identical chuckle.

Nanjo: "...You ask whether he will still be healthy next year, ...but as a doctor, it is very hard to say. Because while I do think this lull in his condition will continue for a while, if he suffers some kind of fit, there may be nothing we can do. ...After all, Rokkenjima is a solitary island. It is not as though an ambulance could quickly jump in to save him. Normally, I would want to have him placed in a large hospital on the mainland, but..."

Krauss: "Father stated that he does not want his noble research interrupted. ...It seems he holds a grudge over the way we tried to force him out last year. Apparently, he strongly suspects that he'll be shut away in some hospital if he goes outside. And that's how things are now."

Rosa: "Has Doctor Nanjo been examining him?"

Krauss: "Father trusts Doctor Nanjo. ...It seems he can be examined when in one of his better moods..."

Nanjo: "I can examine his condition, but if I try to recommend medicine or hospitalization, he refuses to listen. ...I've really only been able to look."

Hideyoshi: "It's true some people hate doctors... Still, what a hassle!" Nanjo sighed deeply. The purpose of an examination is to determine what medical treatment would be appropriate.

Receiving an examination and then not following the advice given makes the whole thing pointless...

Rudolf: "So, to sum it up, he's still expected to live three months. There's no way to guess how long he'll continue to live while still on the verge of death."

Natsuhi: "...Rudolf-san, couldn't you be a little more discreet with your words?"

Rudolf: "Ah, sorry. I've always talked this way. Give me a break."

Rosa: "I understand how Doctor Nanjo sees it. ...What about you, Krauss nii-san?"

Krauss: "...Hmph. To be perfectly honest, I have to disagree with Doctor Nanjo. I find it truly difficult to think of Father as a person so sick that he has only three months to live. His yell is as healthy as ever, and I still get chills at the thought of his fists raining down on me. ...Pushing the care of your father solely on the shoulders of the eldest sibling is far from fair."

Rudolf: "Hahhaha. In the next world, get born after me. ...Okay, let's get back on track. So, in the opinion of our impartial and neutral doctor, it wouldn't be odd for him to go any time. No offense to you, Aniki, but I'd rather trust the opinion of an expert in his field. Which means it's definitely not too early to start talking about Dad's assets."

Eva: "Father's personal funds probably reach as high as several ten billion yen, right? But it's not as though that's all neatly gathered as ready cash. It's not as simple as simply cutting a birthday cake with a knife."

Rudolf: "...That's an interesting way to put it. That's right, you sometimes get strawberries or chocolates on top of the cake, making it hard to cleanly cut it into equal parts. Given that, don't you think it's important to discuss beforehand how best to stick the knife in...?"

Natsuhi: "I cannot understand how you all can openly discuss this as though the Family Head is dead, even though he's still alive."

Eva: "Come now, don't you see how important this is? After all, when the time comes, the inheritance of his fortune must be carried out immediately, right? Moreover, the glorious Ushiromiya house's wealth is vast. Don't you understand that careful discussion is necessary beforehand? There's a huge difference between this family's resources and your family's wealth."

Natsuhi: "...How rude! My birth family has nothing to do with this." Natsuhi responded indignantly, though in a low voice, and the already dark atmosphere grew even more hostile...

Hideyoshi: "Give it a rest, Eva... Natsuhi-san, forgive us! Pardon her rudeness."

Hideyoshi tried to smooth things over by glancing at both with a forced smile, but it only resulted in making the hostility between Eva and Natsuhi even more intense...

Nanjo: "...It seems I'll just get in the way if I stay any longer. Please excuse me." Nanjo rose from his seat and exited the parlor.

...To an outsider, it may have seemed like a normal act of courtesy, but his back was watched by several glances envious of his ability to escape.

After the doctor had exited and his footsteps had disappeared into the distance, Krauss recrossed his legs.

Krauss: "In other words, this is what you all would like to say... Father's remaining life is short. You want to quickly enter into a practical conference concerning the distribution of the inheritance. ...Why are you so eager, I wonder? Certainly, as you say, estimating and distributing the Ushiromiya family's wealth is no simple task. In that case, shouldn't we make careful and deliberate calculations? It seems to me that you are all impatient to split up the cake tonight. Isn't that true, Rosa? What reason is there to be hasty?"

Rosa: "...We aren't being hasty. ...However, we need to have an agreement between the siblings. It doesn't matter when we do that, but if the day Father's condition worsens is approaching, discussing the matter beforehand hardly seems hasty to me..."

Rosa shot a glance at Eva and Rudolf. ...As the youngest sibling in the family, it was hard for her to be cross-examined by the eldest.

Krauss: "...Oh? Is that your true opinion? I didn't expect that the most honest and pure-hearted of the siblings would say something like that. I wonder if those two told you to say it..."

Rosa: "..."

Rudolf: "Quit it, Aniki. Rosa's one of Dad's kids too. She's got as much right to his inheritance as the rest of us. It's only natural that she'd be interested. ...After all, Dad'll definitely die, and that's not something that'll happen in the distant future. ...On the contrary, Aniki, you're way too relaxed. It almost seems like you'd like nothing better than to turn the discussion away from the inheritance issue."

Natsuhi: "...What do you mean by that? Are you trying to accuse my husband of something?"

Hideyoshi: "C-Calm down, Natsuhi-san. Listen to what we have to say..."

Eva: "Nii-san, I hear the times have been extremely good lately. Yes, since last year, we've been in an unprecedented boom, and the yen keeps on rising. It seems that it's no longer a dream that the dollar will reach 100 yen. Also, the ruling party says that it'll establish health resort maintenance law by next year. At this moment, resort development companies across Japan are running about, trying to gather as much funding as they can."

Krauss: "...You certainly seem to know a lot about it. Japan is about to experience an unprecedented boom. It'll be a repeat of the Korean War Demands, the time during which Father revived the Ushiromiya family. ...The people of Japan have been working like mad, achieving vast economic growth and becoming the most well-off people in the world, reaching the height of our prosperity. We've reached an era where private spending is vast, which means easy money for institutions that can capitalize on that fact."

Krauss: "The three kinds of electrical appliances no longer represent the people's needs. The people need ski resorts, golf courses, public pools. Resort hotels and theme parks!"

Krauss: "Have you gone to Delsney Land, which opened just a few years ago? What an excellent theme park! It's a place where even an adult can be a kid and have fun with his family. No longer do we count our sole virtue to be selfless devotion while failing to care for our families. We have become the most prosperous people in the world, and now we can finally enjoy the benefits."

Hideyoshi: "Krauss-san, your foresight's nothing to sneeze at. ...When I heard that sort of thing several years ago, I thought it was crazy. ...But when I heard about the G5 nations' Plaza Accord, that all changed. The yen shot up, and I'll bet the price of land skyrockets soon too. It won't be long before Japan becomes the economic center of the world. ...You've got a great sense of the direction the world's movin', Krauss-san. At least there can be no debate about that."

Rudolf: "I feel the same as Hideyoshi-san. Aniki, you can read into the next decade of history. I'll bet you got that keen sense from Dad, and it's incredible. ...However, unlike Dad, the timing of your predictions has been a bit off sometimes, right?"

Eva: "Nii-san, you've been starting resort projects everywhere, convinced that Japan will soon see a boom, but almost all of them continue to fail. ...While I'm sure that the era you predicted will soon arrive, it seems you misread the timing of that boom."

Eva: "...You were too early. You then panicked and tried to sell everything off, which only opened the wound even further. ...If your nose was really so reliable, then there should be no reason for you to sell off your property. Is this proof that you mistrust your own ability?"

Natsuhi: "...How rude! Are you trying to insult my husband?" Natsuhi's forehead creased as she rose from the sofa.

Eva, paying this no heed, stared at Krauss with a confident smile. ...Krauss, who also maintained his confident appearance, told Natsuhi to sit down.

Krauss: "Please stop, Natsuhi. Eva's always been incapable of talking any other way. ...Calm down a little, or your headache will get worse."

Eva: "There's proof of your lack of talent right next to us. ...After all, Nii-san, weren't you all excited about turning this island into a resort? You built a wonderful resort hotel and beautifully maintained the garden... I'm just an amateur and don't pretend to understand, but you must have used a significant amount of money for that, right?"

Natsuhi: "And what is that to you?! My husband's business is none of yours!"

Rudolf: "Actually, that's not true, Natsuhi-san. Rokkenjima doesn't belong to Aniki. It belongs to Dad. Of course, the hotel does belong to Aniki, right? In fact, we'd be more than willing to pay lodging fees for tonight. What do you think, Rosa?"

Rosa: "...Well, hmm. ...If what I have on hand will suffice."

Krauss: "If I can make it into a resort, this island's financial worth will rise. It is true that expenses have piled up, but we can expect a large harvest in the future. When that happens, all of you stand to profit as well, do you not?"

Eva: "I understand that. If the value of this island rises, that'll increase our portions when we distribute the inheritance. Of course, I won't ask you to divide the island and the mansion into four equal parts. We can just resolve the matter with money equal to the value of the property."

Krauss: "If you understand that much, what about my business makes you so dissatisfied?"

Rudolf: "We aren't dissatisfied, we're uneasy. In the first place, Aniki, when do you plan to open that hotel? Left this way, you won't get anything out of it except our grubby hand prints, right?"

Eva: "That's right. It's an important tool for your business, isn't it? Surely you can't keep it locked up until the moment you open it. Buildings go bad if you don't use them and air them out every once in a while. Even so, it's a bit extravagant for a guesthouse that we only use once a year. Right, Rosa?"

Rosa: "...That's right. Considering how wonderful it is, I'm sure it will become quite popular once you open it."

Kyrie: "Oh, ...so the hotel you keep talking about is the guesthouse..."

Rudolf: "It's splendid. Just as Rosa said, if you were to open it, I'm sure it would become popular."

The lodging they had been guided to wasn't originally intended to serve as a guesthouse.

...It was originally constructed as a resort hotel. However, even though it was built two years previously, there was still absolutely no prospect of it opening.

Eva: "Nii-san, it's just like all of your enterprises. Your attention and planning are both fabulous. Then, it always becomes unmaintainable partway through...and ends before you have a chance to earn any profit."

Rudolf: "You were brilliant when you saw that using this island only as a place to live was a waste. I think it was a pretty good plan to turn it into a resort that could use the prospect of marine sports, fishing, honeymoons and the like to attract customers. If I were the oldest son, I'm sure I'd have strained my brain looking for a way to make a profit off this island."

Eva: "But two full years have passed since you finished building, right? After two years, you still haven't had the opportunity to open it. Where's the managing company you entrusted it to?"

Natsuhi: "...Impertinence! That is not my husband's fault! There has just been some trouble with the company that my husband contracted with. No matter how you look at it, we are victims here!"

Hideyoshi: "And yet, the rumors we've heard about this company you hired... ...haven't been good at all."

Eva: "Let's be clear about this, dear. ...Did you really think we wouldn't hear about how lack of payment, embezzlement, and other issues led to the project disintegrating mid-flight? We even have evidence."

Natsuhi: "I don't know what kind of evidence you think you found, but it's all baseless! As new members in the tourism industry, it is necessary for us to lay the groundwork with various people. It is also important to investigate the trustworthiness of our partners. It's merely taken us some time to meet that goal!"

Krauss: "...I'll admit that, in my rashness, the hotel was completed too early. However, it's not as though we're paying maintenance costs. It's a foundation that will eventually become immensely significant."

Rudolf: "Liar. I'll bet you want to liquidate it but can't. After all, there's no reason for anyone to buy such an extravagant hotel on an isolated, empty island without any established sightseeing routes. And anyway, what about all the loans you made for this project?"

Hideyoshi: "Even if you aren't incurring maintenance costs, the borrowed money that you can't return just keeps growing. ...Sorry, Krauss nii-san, but I've investigated the development plan for this island a bit. ...To be honest, I haven't heard anything good either."

Krauss: "Hideyoshi-san, I can see how you might be left with that impression by looking only at the current financial situation. However, this is a forward-looking investment. I have no choice but to admit that my prediction was mistaken, and that up until now, several liabilities have been created."

Krauss: "However, the times have finally caught up with me. I will soon regain everything that I have lost up to this point. No, actually, all of the investments I have made until now will finally return to my possession. That's right, just like throwing away a small fry which then becomes a salmon, they will come back even bigger than before."

Hideyoshi: "I'll accept that. The resort business will probably see an unprecedented boom before long, though I don't know if it'll be enough to cover all your debt..."

Hideyoshi: "...However, Krauss nii-san, after all your failures in the past, who exactly do you expect to provide you with funding? And this isn't some small amount we're talkin's about. You'll need enough funding to fill the massive hole you've dug."

Natsuhi: "...What are you trying to say, Hideyoshi-san?"

Hideyoshi: "Ahh, Natsuhi-san, please don't get angry! We looked into this, too. We checked to see who might've provided Krauss nii-san with enough financing to support his recent large-scale projects, despite his string of failures."

Rudolf: "...And we discovered... that no such backer exists. The iron rule of the money roulette is that you bet against the loser. Aniki, you're a fairly well-known loser in this field. It's true that prosperous times are about to come, but when we looked for people who considered that enough to overlook your string of failures... and also had enough for the investment, we found no candidates."

Eva: "So, the big question now... is where you got that money from."

Krauss: "...Hoh. Now isn't this intriguing. And?"

Natsuhi: "D-Dear! How long do you plan to let these ridiculous remarks stand?!!"

Rudolf: "Sit down, Natsuhi-san. Let's cut to the point. Aniki, you've been diverting Dad's private funds for your own businesses. There's pretty much no room for doubt. If you think we've made some kind of mistake, please, feel free to explain."

Eva: "Rudolf, don't call it diverting funds. This is embezzlement, plain and simple. A huge crime that can be criminally prosecuted."

Natsuhi: "Th-This sort of rudeness cannot be tolerated!! How can you face the Successor to the Ushiromiya Head Family and level these absurd accusations?!!"

Eva: "They aren't absurd, they're right on the mark. I'm sure he'd like to somehow make his business succeed and recover his losses, but his debt keeps getting bigger! He's just trying to cover up the failure of one gamble by making an even bigger one. It's only natural that he'd try to grab any source of funding close at hand! Let me be frank. Nii-san, what you're doing is embezzlement. You're betraying Father. You know that we'll have the courts settle this after it's all over, right? Do you think that kind of person has any right to call themselves the Successor to the Ushiromiya Head Family?"

Natsuhi: "O-Of all the... Y-You dare to claim that he has betrayed the Family Head?!! You no longer have the right to straddle the threshold of the glorious Ushiromiya family!! Leave this place at once!! Now!! Get out!!"

Natsuhi, who had already reached the limits of her anger, shouted at Eva in a rage. She then pointed alternately at Eva and the hallway, demanding that she leave. Eva took out a folding fan and fanned herself with it, glaring maliciously at Natsuhi as though silently daring her to repeat what she'd said.

However, her mouth was still smiling, curved in the shape of a crescent moon. ...In that unpleasant silence, Rosa gulped.

Eva: "Hey, ...Natsuhi nee-san? To whom do you think you are speaking in such a tone?"

Natsuhi: "I'm speaking to the exceedingly rude sister of my husband!! As the person in charge of the main family's kitchen, I cannot overlook any more of this!!"

Eva: "In charge of the kitchen? Heheheh, hahaha, ahahaha!! Be silent, lowly maidservant!"

Eva folded the fan with a snap and rose to her feet energetically.

Compared to the elegance and playfulness she'd shown until a second ago, she was now unimaginably aggressive.

Eva: "How foolish. You stand down!! Before Eva of the Ushiromiya family!"

Eva: "You tell me to stand down? Me, Ushiromiya Eva, the third ranked in the Ushiromiya family hierarchy and the one allowed to sit at the left shoulder of the Head?!! Know your place!! And then look at your shabby self in a mirror!! Where is the symbol of the wing on your clothes? Where are you permitted to wear the One-Winged Eagle? Aren't you nothing more than a borrowed womb to house the next Successor to the Ushiromiya family?!! Understand your place, you common housemaid!!" Eva's face twisted hideously as her words gouged into Natsuhi's heart like talons, wrenching at it.

Natsuhi: "...!!!"

There were a hundred ways Natsuhi wanted to respond. However, her anger and sorrow crushed her throat...and none of those words managed to make it to her mouth.

...Her anger had nowhere to go...and became a single hot tear that slowly dripped down...

Eva: "What's wrong? If you have something to say, please do so. Come on." Eva faced her with a provocative gaze.

...However, Natsuhi could do nothing but tremble, her clenched fists quivering...

Krauss quietly broke that powder-keg tension.

Krauss: "Natsuhi, leave your seat. You should go cool your head."

Natsuhi: "Wha...!!" Natsuhi, resenting the fact that her husband had not come to her aid, shifted the focus of her attack.

Natsuhi: "D-Dear, don't you understand what they're saying about you?! These people are baselessly calling you a traitor to Father!! They are making light of the fact that we protect the glory of the Ushiromiya family, even though we are constantly expending every effort to earn that glory from Father. They trample all of that underfoot with their hateful rambling!!! And you don't even try to fight back! Why?! I'm only standing up for us because you won't, but you've been putting the entire burden on me for some time now!! And now you tell me to go cool my head?! It's always me!!"

Natsuhi: "Even though I have always considered this family's affairs so seriously, you've...!! Aaaaaaaahhh, gaaaaaaaaahhhh!!!"

Natsuhi was already unable to hide her tears. She flew from the room in that state.

After that, all that remained was a somewhat embarrassed mood about the parlor...

When the sound of footsteps grew distant and silence returned, Krauss shrugged his shoulders slightly.

Krauss: "...I apologize for my wife. She has always been bad at controlling her emotions. It's even been rough for me."

Eva: "If that's what's been managing your household, you must suffer to no end, Nii-san. *giggle*giggle*...!"

Natsuhi: "Aaaaaaahhh. Aaaaaaaaaaaaaahhh!!!"

Kumasawa: "...M-Madam..."

Natsuhi: "It's nothing...! Leave me be...!!"

Natsuhi flew into her room and threw herself onto her bed, lamenting... Those heartwrenching sobs reached Kumasawa in the hallway...

Kumasawa: ...Poor Madam Natsuhi...

Kumasawa: There is a deep enmity between her and Eva-sama.

Kumasawa: Explaining their relationship would be very trying for me, as a woman...

Kumasawa: The Ushiromiya family holds blood in high regard, but if a woman marries and leaves the family, they are normally removed from the family register.

Kumasawa: ...Thus, under normal circumstances, Eva-sama should have been removed when she married Hideyoshi-sama.

Kumasawa: However, ...there is no one deserving of blame in this matter. The Madam certainly bears no guilt. There nothing to call it other than a whim of God.

Kumasawa: ...Krauss-sama and Natsuhi-sama were not blessed with children for some time.

Kumasawa: After all, this is the male-dominant Ushiromiya family. A wife is merely a tool to create a heir.

Kumasawa: ...If such a wife cannot fulfill her only duty, she will not even be treated as a human.

Kumasawa: It pains me to remember how the Master tortured Madam during that time...

Kumasawa: Back then, a wedding between Eva-sama and Hideyoshi-sama was being discussed.

Kumasawa: Eva-sama was sly. ...Taking advantage of Madam's inability to become pregnant, she gained the favor of the Master.

Kumasawa: She inspired him to allow her to marry and give birth to a Successor herself, making sure to avoid transferring her name out of the Ushiromiya register.

Kumasawa: There was a vast difference in the Ushiromiya hierarchy between Madam, who married into the Ushiromiya family and was treated like an outsider, and Eva-sama, who was related to the family by blood and whose husband took on the Ushiromiya name.

Kumasawa: Furthermore, Eva-sama actually gave birth first, and to a boy...

Kumasawa: As for how much weaker Madam's position was than Eva-sama's...well, I believe you could see for yourself...

Kumasawa: ...I'm sure Madam is tormented by the thought that, if only she had gotten pregnant earlier, the Master wouldn't have accepted Eva-sama's request to keep her last name after marriage, and Eva-sama wouldn't have been permitted to act as arrogantly as she did today...

Kumasawa: However, ...that was not Madam's fault...

Kumasawa: All of the blame lies with God's whims and the stork that delivered Jessica late...

Kumasawa: Even so, Madam won't allow herself to see things this way...

Kumasawa: ...She probably can't help but cry bitter tears as a woman...at her inability to carry out the duties expected of a wife...

Kumasawa: Ahh, how sad... I cannot do anything except watch over her from the shadows...

# Chapter 5
# label: *umi1_5
# Witch's portrait; epitaph. Eyecatch: October 4 (Sat) 14:00 → 15:00.

We crossed the hall again on our way to the entrance.

As we did, we once again spotted that witch's portrait.

However, `spotted' is probably not the best word to describe that experience. ...It was more like our eyes were inexorably drawn to it.

That woman's eyes, with their sage-like glamor, definitely had the power to make those who viewed it stand rooted to the spot.

Battler: "...So this is the witch, Beatrice. ...Wonder if that story's true."

Maria: "Uu-? Battler doesn't believe...?"

Back when he had asked what this picture was, the first person to tell him had been Maria.

Therefore, when Battler showed signs of doubt, Maria must have felt that Battler didn't have faith in her.

...Of course, that wasn't what Battler meant.

Maria ran up to the portrait and began banging on a plate hanging below it. Maybe the title of the portrait was written there.

Maria, trying to prove that she wasn't lying, obstinately continued to hit the plate.

Battler: "Ah, sorry about that, it's not like I doubt anything you said, Maria."

Maria: "Uu-! Battler believes! Uu-!"

When he patted Maria's head and apologized, she seemed to accept it, sticking out her chest and proudly uu-uu-ing.

Battler: "...What's this? `My Beloved Witch Beatrice'. ...`Behold the sweetfish river-', ...what's with this weird, huge epitaph?"

The plate did have the title of the portrait written on it, but it was much too big to contain only that.

Beneath the title was what appeared to be a long epitaph.

If you just skimmed over it, several unnerving words would jump out at you.

Jessica: "Incredible, isn't it? Grandfather had that made. ...Pretty deep, huh?"

Maria: "Uu-! I know! It's the place where the gold's hidden!"

Battler: "...Wait, is it that story about the Ushiromiya family's hidden gold? ...Now there's another thing I remember from long ago... ...Hold on, Aniki, ...is this for real?"

George: "Grandfather had this made, but he never said anything about this picture or the epitaph. ...Even so, amongst the family, it is often whispered that it indicates the location of Grandfather's hidden gold... and that he will relinquish the inheritance and the gold to the person who solves the riddle."

Maria: "Uu-! I heard that too, I heard that too! Lots and lots of gold!"

Jessica: "...Well, something like that. Something like 10 metric tons of gold bars. I think it's fake, though."

Battler: "Still, when you read about it in an epitaph like this, it almost seems real."

...I think I already explained Grandfather's upbringing, but let me also mention the Ushiromiya family's `Legend of the Gold'.

Grandfather succeeded the Ushiromiya family after it was destroyed in the Great Kanto Earthquake, and by successfully riding the stormy seas after the war, he managed to accumulate great wealth.

...That much of the story everyone knows.

However, this is where the strange part begins.

...Part of it involves Grandfather's black magic obsession, so its credibility is extremely low, but... ...Well, wait until the end before you doubt or make fun of it.

After the war, Grandfather correctly predicted what the future would hold and won in a huge gamble, accumulating a vast store of wealth, ...but there's a mysterious legend about how he gained his initial funding.

Grandfather came from a branch family and had no connections in the business world or the financial world. Even though he later built connections with the occupying forces, he supposedly started as a nameless person who hadn't yet gained anyone's trust.

It takes trust to gather money. There's no way anyone would lend money to someone they didn't trust.

...How did Grandfather, who had no reputation at all, manage to obtain his first vast chunk of funds?

When asked that question, Grandfather supposedly answered like this...

`On a certain day, I encountered the Golden Witch Beatrice.'

Grandfather then went on and on about his continuing research into alchemy and techniques for summoning demons in order to become a great magician.

...And the entity summoned as the result of the demon-calling ceremony...was the Golden Witch Beatrice.

He then apparently made a contract by which he would receive fortune and honor in exchange for his own soul.

The witch then granted Grandfather 10 tons of gold. Grandfather used this gold as collateral to prepare a vast quantity of funds, which he then used to multiply his wealth many times over and revive the Ushiromiya family...

It seems this story's so old that even our parents were told it when they were still children.

So, back when our parents were young, they explored this island in all sorts of ways, believing that the gold Grandfather had received from the witch might be hidden somewhere.

However, since there was the danger of them getting lost in the abandoned forest, Grandmother began to spread the story that the witch lived in the forest and approaching it was forbidden.

Battler: "...I remember that old story. When we were little, we also went all over the island searching for treasure after our parents told us about it. ...Didn't we get lost in the forest once, then start crying until some of the servants found us? Our parents got so mad. ...Dang, that takes me back."

Jessica: "We sure were idiots, weren't we? After all, Grandfather only bought this island after using those funds to get rich, right? That means he must've had the gold before coming here. There's no way the gold's on this island."

George: "That's not necessarily so. Maybe the gold was hidden on the island from the beginning...and he bought the whole island just to ensure that it'd be his and his alone. There was a whole 10 metric tons of it, right? It seems more realistic that he'd try to secure the place where it was hidden, rather than try to move it all."

Battler: "This epitaph was made two years ago. And since Grandfather wrote it himself... ...yeah, it does make the Legend of the Gold seem more believable. The so-called witch's gold that revived the Ushiromiya family weighed 10 tons. ...Maybe that's sleeping somewhere, ready to be turned over to whoever can solve Grandfather's riddle. Maybe that's why he did it. ...Haa, I guess that sounds like Grandfather's style or something... Ihihi! If it's true, that's pretty incredible."

The epitaph carved into the plate was very mysterious, with something like a poem or a song written on it.

That text was incredibly disturbing, filled with the signs of Grandfather's black magic hobby, and its contents were in truly bad taste, but it could definitely be viewed as a puzzle which, if solved, might lead to the hidden gold.

George: "Whether that's what he intended or not, I can't even imagine what his true motive might've been. ...All we know for sure is that Grandfather put this shady epitaph here so that everyone in the family could see it. We also know that he's hinted at the existence of the gold without ever talking about where it might be hidden, at least so far. ...These facts then were embellished by the imaginations of our parents, who were convinced that Grandfather was challenging us to a battle of wits..."

Jessica: "...Sounds just like my dad, so greedy that he'd take something like this so seriously. He may laugh at Grandfather's black magic obsession, but he'd still believe this story about the hidden gold. It just sounds so good."

George: "...Well, it's certainly not a realistic story. At that time, when Grandfather was still nameless and had no connections, there was no way anyone would just lend him a massive quantity of gold bars for free. ...If such a person actually did exist, it's not unthinkable that Grandfather would call such a sponsor a witch."

Battler: "Yeah, but it's 10 tons. 10 tons! If you cashed that in, how much would it come to? I mean, it'd have to be a ridiculous amount, right?!"

George: "...It certainly would be a ridiculous amount. They say that the total amount of gold mined by humankind since the dawn of history is 100,000 metric tons, at most. That 1 10,000 of all of the gold humankind has obtained throughout history should belong to just one person is just insane. ...On top of that, this `witch' supposedly had all that gold collected in one place and was able to lend it to Grandfather just like that. We're not talking about any ordinary person."

Jessica: "Well, to me, that `10 tons' number seems pretty fishy. After all, no one's actually seen it except Grandfather, right? Even if we assume that some generous witch existed and lent him some gold, maybe it was closer to 10 kilograms than 10 tons. Even 10 kilograms would be a pretty incredible sum, right?"

Maria: "Uu-. ...10 kilograms of gold is how much?"

Maria, who wasn't following the story and felt like she was being spoken to in riddles, finally found a place where she could ask us a question.

It was a question I also wanted answered right then.

Whether it was 10 kilograms or 10 tons, it still felt like a huge amount, but I had no idea exactly how huge.

George-aniki folded his arms and tried to remember the market price of gold.

George: "...Well, even the value of gold is affected by the market, and the value of physical gold can change depending on its purity and the trustworthiness of the foundry. You'd also need to pay handling fees to cash it in. However, that doesn't change the fact that it's a precious metal, and some people estimate that humanity will mine all the world's gold within half a century if gold mining continues at its current rate. ...Just guessing haphazardly, ...I think you could expect a price of about 2 million yen per kilogram."

Jessica: "Whoa...! ...Just now, I randomly said 10 kilograms since it sounded smaller, ...but even that would be worth 20 million yen, wouldn't it?!"

Maria: "Uu-? I weigh 28 kilograms."

George: "...Which means that if we had Maria-chan's weight in gold, we could estimate its worth at over 50 million yen."

Battler: "That's just unbelievable... How much would 10 tons be then? 10 kilograms is 20,000,000 yen, which you multiply by 1000, so...umm. ...Huh?! 20 billion yen?! What the hell!"

How much is 20 billion yen actually worth? ...We can only measure it relative to our own pocketbooks.

Anyway, let's say that a person's wages over a lifetime are about 200 million yen.

...You grow up and work like crazy, sacrificing your life for your company, and you're finally freed as you approach old age. Everything including retirement money might add up to about 200 million yen.

...In other words, that's the amount of money that'll be made throughout a human's life. No, you could even call it the value of a life.

...So 100 times that sum is an unbelievable amount of money.

...If you work from age 20 to age 60, that's 40 years of work, ...so it's equal to 4000 years of work wages.

If you worked every day starting from the Jomon period, you'd only reach that number about now.

Maria: "...Uu-. Is 20 billion yen a lot...?"

Battler: "Heck yeah, it's a lot. Maria, you love shortcake, right? You could buy more shortcake than you could possibly eat for the rest of your life."

George: "...However, while that might be possible with 20 billion yen in cash, I don't think it would be very realistic to have that much in gold bars all in one place. Just as I said, gold is extremely heavy, so it isn't exactly convenient as a method of storing wealth. Sure, you could imagine someone gathering their fortune together as incredibly high-value stocks or precious gems. ...You often hear of people who traded their wealth for precious gems so that they could carry it around with them during the chaotic times of the war. ...But you don't usually hear stories of people exchanging their wealth for gold."

Jessica: "It may be heavy, but it's the most trusted and stable form of wealth internationally, so maybe that was important? For example, bonds are just scraps of paper if the whole country goes under."

George: "You can also look at it that way, ...but even one 10 kilogram ingot is pretty heavy to carry around. Haven't you heard? A 50 kilogram person can't carry a 50 kilogram bag over their shoulder. With that many gold bars, the amount of labor and risk for one person would be hard to calculate."

Battler: "So what you're saying is, while it'd be one thing if you had a stack of banknotes worth 20 billion yen, 20 billion yen in gold would be such a big mountain that practically it'd be kinda pointless."

George: "That's right. ...Although the Legend of the Gold does have a pretty interesting ring to it, just the part about the 10 tons of gold makes it pretty much impossible..."

Jessica: "If you think about it logically like that, it sounds obviously fake. Haha, kind of brings you back down to reality."

George: "Anyway, that's Grandfather for you. Maybe he exaggerated the story of how some kind, wealthy person gave him a loan by saying he got 10 tons of gold from a witch. Even the number `10 tons' feels pretty symbolic."

Battler: "You mean like his gratitude for the money he borrowed was worth 10 tons of gold, or something?"

Jessica: "Hehehe, maybe some rich man's leisured wife generously granted it to Grandfather. And maybe he started calling this person a witch."

I see. Jessica's example isn't bad.

...Someone who'd generously lend a huge sum of money to Grandfather when he still had no reputation might as well be called a witch.

...Furthermore, Grandfather actually did use that money to build a vast amount of wealth later on.

...The fact that this person was so great at judging people might also justify calling her a witch.

Also, since she went to the trouble of lending all that money, she might've enthusiastically overseen how it was spent.

The decision to unexpectedly get involved with the occupying forces and profit from the Korean War Demands might've been inspired by the witch herself.

That might explain why he claimed to have received both wealth and honor from her.

Battler: "I see. ...So, in other words, this witch lent Grandfather the funds necessary to revive the Ushiromiya family, and he owed her big time. ...And then, he felt so grateful that he had that huge painting drawn and displayed... Yeah, it's not that crazy a story."

Jessica: "It's even possible this person was an old granny who looked like a witch. Maybe Grandfather idolized her, and that's why he had her drawn to look so beautiful. Hahaha, I'll bet if we ever did meet this person, she wouldn't be nearly this pretty!"

George: "Hahaha, that's possible. The name Beatrice sounds pretty Western, and if you think about how everyone in our family has Western names, maybe even the name Beatrice is the result of Grandfather trying to rearrange some Japanese person's name to make it sound Western."

Battler: "I get it, I get it. That means this pretty girl doesn't exist outside the picture. Guess that means I won't be able to rub those elegant breasts, ihihi! In the first place, isn't having a witch pretty bizarre by itself? Like you could find something like that anywhere on Earth."

I laughed and made fun of the witch, trying to distinguish myself from the kid I was six years ago, who feared the witch of the forest, ...when Maria tugged on my sleeve.

...I could tell by how hard she pulled that she was a bit upset.

Battler: "Hmm? What is it, Maria?"

Maria: "Uu-! Uu-!! Beatrice eeexiiists!"

Maria stared up at me. She had on her usual sour look, but I could tell she was angry by the color of her eyes.

Maria: "Witches exist! Witches exist! Uu-uu-uu-!!!"

Battler: "Well sure, they do exist...if you turn the TV on and watch anime or something."

Maria: "Exist!! Witches exist!! Uu-uu-uu-!!!" I started getting impatient, not knowing why Maria was jumping on me like this.

Then, Jessica tapped me on the shoulder and whispered.

Jessica: "Dumbass, you're smashing a kid's dream. Maria really believes things like witches and Beatrice exist."

George: "Come to think of it, Maria-chan, in social studies at your school, when you were asked to write what you wanted to be when you grew up, you wrote `a witch', didn't you?" Maria nodded seriously. Tears started to run from the corners of her eyes.

...I see. To a girl who wants to become a witch in the future, the existence of Beatrice was proof that witches do exist in this world, and was therefore an image that she yearned after and admired.

Maria: "Exist! Exist! Witches exist!! But Battler still doesn't believe! Uu-uu-uu-!!!"

George: "It's okay, witches do exist. I believe it." George-aniki kneeled down and hugged Maria's head. ...Watching this, Jessica poked my side.

...So that's what it is.

It's like shouting that Santa Claus doesn't exist in front of a child who believes in him on Christmas Eve.

...I'm not the kind of guy who likes to shatter kids' dreams.

Battler: "...Oh, I'm sorry. I wasn't trying to make fun of your dreams, so I apologize. Beatrice does exist. Even now, she's living in the forest and comes to the mansion every night to peek in and see what everyone's doing. ...So you shouldn't go into the forest. At night, you mustn't stare into the dark forest. You might be seen by the witch of the forest, Beatrice. ...After all, Grandmother said so."

Maria: "Uu-... Really? Battler really believes?"

Battler: "Yep, I believe. Sorry for doubting it. ...C'mon, let's make up."

I stuck out my hand, Maria grabbed it with her tiny hand, and we made up. Maria didn't grumble any more than that, so George-aniki and Jessica were relieved.

Shannon: "...Oh. So this is where all of you were. I was sure you had just left to go to the beach." Shannon-chan, carrying a basket, was surprised to find us all gathered in front of the portrait.

Jessica: "Ah, Shannon. Well, this is the first time Battler has seen Beatrice's portrait. He was just fascinated by it."

Shannon: "That's right, it certainly is fascinating. ...Beatrice-sama is truly beautiful. I am sure that she captivated the Master."

George: "Ahahaha. In addition to the patron theory, there's also a theory that she was Grandfather's first love. ...Either way, although it's been several decades since he met her, even now she holds a special place in his heart. ...Which must mean that he's still captivated by her."

Battler: "Sheesh. That must've made Grandmother pretty jealous, huh?"

Jessica: "I'm not really sure, but that might actually be true. Apparently, Grandmother believed he was cheating on her with some blonde."

Maria: "...Uu-? Good smell! Good smell coming from Shannon!" Maria, sniffing, approached the basket Shannon-chan was holding with interest.

After hearing that, I noticed a fragrant scent with a touch of vanilla.

Shannon: "Ah, I apologize. I was told by Kumasawa-san to bring them to everyone."

George: "What is it, I wonder? ...Ooh, excellent! Cookies."

Maria: "Uu-! Wanna eat cookies! Wanna eat cookies! Uu-!"

Shannon: "Please, eat as much as you would like. ...But, umm..."

Would it be appropriate to serve cookies in a place like this, in front of the portrait? Shannon-chan sent us a glance that seemed to ask what we wanted to do about it.

...Well, yeah, guess eating here would be bad manners, generally speaking.

Jessica: "Maria, why don't we eat someplace else? Let's put the cookies in a bento and have a picnic."

Maria: "Uu-! Have a picnic, have a picnic!! If we can eat cookies, let's go!"

Battler: "Yeah, let's go get some fresh air. We shouldn't stuff ourselves right in front of the witch."

Jessica: "That's right, didn't we say that we wanted to go down to the beach in the first place? Let's go, let's go."

George: "Shannon-chan, sorry, but could I ask you to get us a blanket to sit on and some flasks of tea?"

Shannon: "Right...! Certainly." Shannon-chan received her instructions and gracefully bowed before retracing her steps. We headed for the beach on our own.

Everyone headed for the entrance in a group.

...Feeling as though that witch was staring down at our backs, I turned around once more.

Maria: "...Uu-. ...Battler, you still don't believe...?"

Battler: "Nope, I believe. ...It'd be so much cooler that way! The Golden Witch Beatrice gave Grandfather 10 tons of gold! And that gold might be sleeping around here somewhere. Besides, didn't Grandfather write that strange epitaph as though challenging us to find it if we can? I'd say that kind of adventurous story's way better."

Jessica: "20 billion yen worth of gold, huh?! Heheh, even if we split it up between the four of us, that's still a ridiculous amount of money!"

George: "5 billion yen for each of us... ...Incredible! With that kind of money, you could probably make any sort of business prosper. In fact, we could live our whole lives fabulously without working at all."

Maria: "Uu-uu-! I don't want 5 billion yen, I want cookies, cookies!!"

Battler: "Wahahaha, Maria would take cookies over money. Still, 5 billion yen, that's like a dream!"

Krauss: "Ridiculous. ...Is it possible that you all truly believe in Father's Legend of the Gold?"

Rudolf: "...Of course we don't believe that story about a witch giving him gold, but there's no mistake about the gold itself."

Eva: "The fact that Father obtained gold bars from an unknown source has been confirmed in several ways. We've heard that, before the president of the Marusoo company died, Father showed him a large pile of gold somewhere. Father used that man's claim as proof that there were 10 tons' worth."

Krauss: "That's just the nonsense of a senile old man. Along with Father, he was just fabricating a story. You can't take it seriously."

Hideyoshi: "If that gold didn't exist, he wouldn't have been able to gather so much funding...! Before the president died, he was a person with such a sincere personality that he earned the respect of many in the business world. He wouldn't have become a partner to such fraud...!"

Rudolf: "Aniki, the president of Marusoo definitely saw it. 10 tons of it, clearly with his own eyes. Even more, Dad let the president take one ingot at random and have it examined. The results of the examination showed that the 10 kilogram ingot was 99.99 percent pure. He said that the Ushiromiya family crest, the One-Winged Eagle, was imprinted on it."

Eva: "Almost instantly, the Ushiromiya Legend of the Gold spread amongst the fixers of the business world. Gold from an unknown foundry has a poor rate of conversion into money. Thinking that it was a chance for decisive profits, they accepted it as collateral, and as a result, Father was able to receive massive loans..."

Krauss: "Is there no limit to the absurdity you're willing to accept? ...How old are you people? Are you still taking that nursery tale you heard as children seriously? Where is the proof that this 10 tons of gold even exists? Aren't you just parroting the lies of Father and few of those close to him?"

Rudolf: "...Of course it's just a story. But still, Aniki, the amount of money Dad raised required a suitable amount of collateral. Even if the gold itself was just a rumor, it's an undoubtable fact that he showed them a treasure of comparable worth."

Krauss: "It was just an illusion of money created by our penniless father. He acted as though he actually had gold that didn't exist, fooling his sponsors. It was probably the gamble of a lifetime. ...Luckily, his use of those funds proved successful. If the Korean War Demands hadn't come and the Ushiromiya family had not been restored, Father would probably have been hounded after as the crook of the century."

Hideyoshi: "So, are you saying the gold never existed, and Father made it all up?"

Krauss: "Of course. And because of that, the illusion of gold became a mere inconvenience once he'd achieved enough success. That's why, later on, Father added all that about a witch and black magic, weakening the credibility of the entire story. In other words, he revealed that the illusion of the gold was a fabrication. If he claimed to have received the gold from a witch, no one would believe that it existed at all, right?"

Krauss: "It's also possible he said it for all of your sakes. Nevertheless, here come some stupid offspring wanting to divide up this nonexistent gold, along with the rest of the inheritance. ...Rosa, don't tell me that even you believe in a fabrication like this..."

Rosa: "...I can't prove whether or not Father really had the gold. ...I just want to claim my rightful share, as one of Father's four children."

Krauss: "Hoh... It seems even you have started to talk that way, Rosa. I see, so that's what you're all getting at. You're trying to claim that I'm attempting to keep all the gold for myself..."

Eva: "Nii-san, you've gathered a massive supply of funds. That's a fact. If we rule out the possibility that you've been embezzling Father's personal funds, ...then there's only one possibility left, right?"

Rudolf: "...Aniki, we've been thinking... that you might've found those 10 tons of gold bars."

Krauss: "Ridiculous. Such a thing never existed in the first place."

Eva: "Then explain yourself. Was it embezzlement of Father's assets or Father's hidden gold? How could you have gathered so much funding if not by one of these methods?"

Krauss: "Even I have many friends in the political and financial realms. I have earned their cooperation, nothing more. ...And on that matter, I have no responsibility to explain myself to you. You understand, don't you? There are some topics that ought not be spoken of."

Rudolf: "...If you insist on that point, that's all well and good for now. But Aniki, Dad doesn't have long. Nobody can ensure that he'll live to see this day next year. The inheritance process will begin at the instant of Dad's death. We'll arrange for lawyers and accountants who are impartial to all of us and have them inspect Dad's financial situation."

Eva: "At that time, if it comes to light that you've unjustly interfered with Father's money, ...you understand, right?"

Krauss: "I don't have a clue what you're talking about. You're starting to make me feel as indignant as my wife was."

Hideyoshi: "...Of course, Father's gold is part of Father's fortune! We understand it's money you can't reveal openly, but the four siblings should have an equal right to it."

Rudolf: "In other words, we're gonna have your financial situation investigated as well as Dad's, to determine whether you're hoarding the gold or not."

Eva: "Isn't this a great opportunity? Right now, prove the existence of your so-called support from friends and acquaintances. That way we can sportingly apologize for foolishly doubting you. Right, Rosa?"

Rosa: "...That's right. Krauss nii-san, you are the one who's dodging the issue. If you were guiltless, you could just prove that you were in the right, but you aren't even trying to do so."

Rudolf: "However, Aniki, we still have to consider your position here. As Dad's representative, you're probably bearing a larger share of the burden than we are. We've been living terribly relaxed lives until now, so it wouldn't be fair for the rest of us to complain without taking your efforts into account."

Krauss: "...Hoh. It seems you cannot make up your mind whether to flatter me or slander me. Please get to the point."

Hideyoshi: "Basically, ...randomly investigatin' nit-picky aspects of Father's wealth seems like a pretty crude way to go about it. As you said, Krauss nii-san, there may've been movements of money that are difficult to explain. We've come to consult with you today while fully aware of that point. ...Both sides stand to gain from talkin' 'bout this now."

Krauss: "A consultation? Hoh."

Rudolf: "...When the inheritance is divided, you'll be rewarded for your years of hard work taking care of Dad by an agreement that's generous in your favor."

Eva: "Don't misunderstand us, Nii-san. We aren't saying that we'll abandon our rights. But when we make our claim for what we deserve, we might as well offer a generous understanding for your position. That's what we mean."

Hideyoshi: "In other words, if you accept our conditions, then when the inheritance is divided, we'll leave the investigation of Father's financial situation to you, Krauss nii-san."

All of the siblings from Eva downward suspected that Krauss was trying to steal their father's wealth.

So, letting Krauss report the state of that wealth was extremely contradictory and a huge concession.

If, as they claimed, Krauss was actually embezzling money, Krauss would be able to hide that fact. Besides which, it'd be possible for him to control the distribution of the inheritance in a manner favorable to himself.

Krauss, realizing that this sounded too good to be true, couldn't help but feel suspicious... He couldn't help but worry about what they'd ask for in exchange...

Krauss: "...Hoh. After mistrusting me completely, you now say that you're willing to restore your confidence in me as the eldest sibling? So, what is it you want in return?"

Rudolf: "Just what we deserve as siblings. ...You aren't the kind of person who'd steal Dad's property, but you also aren't being financed by some patron. ...Considering all that, there is a certain explanation that'd satisfy the rest of us."

Eva: "...Nii-san, you found 10 tons of gold and used that as collateral to gather some funding. ...Yes, just like Father did in the past, right?"

Hideyoshi: "If that's the case, there won't be any funny business in Father's finances. You've always been a good son, lookin' after Father. Why'd we mistrust a person like that?"

Krauss: "...You're being so roundabout, I can barely understand you. Please speak in clearer and more practical terms."

Rudolf: "Our first condition: Aniki, you must admit that you've found Dad's gold."

Krauss: "...Are you asking me to admit I possess gold that doesn't exist?"

Eva: "Our second condition: You'll acknowledge that each sibling has a right to a share of the gold, and you will pay out those shares."

Krauss: "How foolish. With that nonexistent 20 billion yen of gold, that would be 5 billion yen per person. Are you telling me to pay a total of 15 billion yen? ...Ridiculous!"

Hideyoshi: "Keep listenin' 'til the end! We know that much money can't just pop up out of nowhere. We're not asking you to make an impossible deal! Of course, regardin' the portions of the gold, we plan to reward you plenty for your hard work until now."

Eva: "Our third condition: The portion of the gold to the one bearing the title of successor to the Ushiromiya Head Family will be 50%. The remainder will be considered the fair share for the siblings and divided up. Of course, this also includes you, Krauss nii-san."

Rudolf: "Of the 20 billion, 12.5 billion will go to Aniki, 2.5 billion will go to Eva nee-san, 2.5 billion will go to me, and 2.5 will go to Rosa."

Krauss: "...That division scheme makes me so grateful I could cry. So you're saying, for the sake of the gold that doesn't exist, I must pay you 7.5 billion yen."

Eva: "What's wrong? Nii-san, your share is five times the size of ours. These are such good terms, I'd be jumping for joy. Heheheheheheh..."

Rudolf: "Our fourth condition: The gold will be liquidated and distributed along with the inheritance at the time of Father's death. However, as a deposit, 10% of our portions are to be paid to us promptly. These payments must be made before March of next year."

Hideyoshi: "...What do you think, Krauss nii-san? This is an ideal chance for you to restore the trust regarding your handling of Father's assets, isn't it?! Of course, it might be impossible to get a whole 7.5 billion before Father dies, but it should be possible for you to manage a deposit of 750 million, right?"

Rudolf: "Paying 700 million in half a year might sound like a pain, but you should be able to manage it, what with all your friends in the political and business spheres."

Eva: "Normally, we'd hope to receive the 7.5 billion right now, all at once. But out of concern for you, we'll show our sincerity by asking for only ten percent of that for the time being. The remaining 90% can wait until the inheritance is distributed. ...See? Even you'd be capable of managing a mere 10% to show your sincerity."

Krauss: "...So, you're trying to sell me the right to assess Father's financial situation for 750 million yen? ...Heh, heheheh. How impressive. You all certainly have grown. To think that I'm now the one being offered deals."

Eva: "Nii-san, if you accept these terms, the rest of us siblings will leave the investigation of Father's assets to you. However, the results of that investigation will be subject to scrutiny. ...It's only natural, right? We'd be so sad if you managed things so that our 7.5 billion share shrank."

Rudolf: "We'll avoid complaining, as a general rule. Just make sure you do it neat and tidy. ...As long as you don't try anything that's blatantly obvious, we've got no intention of stirring things up. We want our inheritance quickly too. We don't want it to get all drawn out and left hanging."

Krauss: "...If a complaint is made, who would carry out the follow-up investigation?"

Rosa: "...We don't mind if it's you. This is probably the first and last chance for us siblings to reach a consensus. ...I believe it won't come to that."

Eva: "Heheh, *cackle*cackle*! Looks like even you can speak up now and then, Rosa."

By this point, it's obvious that Krauss wasn't at all trusted as the oldest sibling, so there's no need to go into detail.

The formerly tyrannical oldest brother had always abused his privileges and violated the other siblings' shares.

...It was in response to this that the other three, now adults, were finally teaming up and striking back for the first time...

Hideyoshi: "Sorry, but there's more. Our fifth condition: This decision must take precedence over Father's will. ...Later on, we don't want some will to appear and make this decision completely irrelevant."

Krauss: "...I see that you're very cautious. ...Then let me ask, if the gold really were found, what would you do?"

Rudolf: "Since you'll be making payments to us for what the gold's worth, the rest of us `really' don't care if we ever see the gold or not. ...You can think of our share as an advance payment."

Eva: "*giggle* It's good to have dreams, isn't it? You plan to turn this island into a resort, right? You might stumble upon the gold by chance during construction." Eva let out a high-pitched laugh. Krauss watched but didn't even flinch.

Krauss: "...Let me add a seventh condition before I accept. In the situation that any sibling other than myself finds the gold, they will immediately turn it over to me."

Eva: "Yes, yes. Of course, we'll hold onto it for you. *giggle*!"

It was a play on words. Of course the others, who were forcing Krauss to pay money for some nonexistent gold, wouldn't save Krauss his portion if they actually found it.

From the beginning, this deal had been nothing more than a threat directed at Krauss.

Regardless of the actual facts, it was still extremely likely that Krauss was embezzling his father's assets.

When Kinzo faced death at last and had his inheritance distributed, some unpleasant facts would surely come to light.

That could easily become fatal to Krauss.

The others had spotted this weak point and were threatening their brother under the veil of compromise, trying to wring a huge sum of money out of him.

...However, they had forgotten one thing.

They'd forgotten that their brother's brain moved so swiftly, at least when it came to cunning and guile, that they'd been forced to band together to combat him.

While Eva couldn't stop smiling, sure of her victory, Krauss let out a gloating laugh to show how relaxed he was.

Krauss: "Hahaha. This all makes for such a touching story. ...My estrangement from you all has left a deep pain in my heart. If accepting these conditions means we siblings can become friends again, it would please me to no end. I'd be happy to agree to your deal. ...Rejoice, Rosa. We have reached an understanding."

Rosa: "..."

Rosa's expression dimmed. ...It was never a good sign when her brother started talking like this.

...Eva also keenly picked up on this. That's why she was unable to wipe away a sense of unease, even though Krauss had obediently accepted the deal.

Eva: "...My, how obedient of you. It's not like you at all, Nii-san."

Krauss: "What a cruel thing to say. Are you implying I have some ulterior motive? Of course I don't. I'm just the same as all of you."

`Just the same as all of you'.

He seemed to emphasize just that one part.

The color of Rudolf's face darkened.

To him, it sounded as though Krauss was saying `I have a plan similar to yours'.

So Rudolf panicked. He rushed to bring this nearly resolved discussion to a conclusion.

Rudolf: "...Then we're good. ...So, Aniki, would you mind signing here? This is a written contract summarizing the discussion we've just been having. There's one for each of us. Everyone will sign for the same contents." Rudolf took four written contracts out of his breast pocket that had the details of their deal written on them.

Hideyoshi: "The seventh condition you proposed will, of course, be added right now. Don't worry about that."

Rudolf: "Aniki, need a pen?" Rudolf took a fountain pen out of his breast pocket and offered it to Krauss.

Krauss made as if to accept it, but then, with a small laugh, he drew back his hand without taking it and spoke.

Krauss: "...Actually, in order to ensure that this agreement is properly executed, I'd like to propose an amendment on just one point."

As soon as Krauss said that single sentence... ...All of the siblings felt as though something ominous was creeping up their backs at the same time.

Eva: "...Th-That won't do. We've already decided, haven't we? Just stay quiet and sign it."

Krauss: "Why are you in such a hurry, Eva? Of course I'll sign. I promise the share of the gold going to all of you will be 7.5 billion yen. I also promise that, when Father's inheritance is distributed, I will cleanly and neatly liquidate it. ...However, there is one point that I simply must insist that you compromise on."

Rudolf: "...What are you talking about? What don't you like...?"

Krauss: "The part about promptly paying ten percent of your share, 750 million yen. As you pointed out, my financial situation is far from prosperous. While I can guarantee that I will collect on various future investments, I must admit that I am quite poor at the present moment."

Krauss: "In short, I have absolutely no money that I can move around right now. I am incompetent, and my business sense is dull. Since I am the loser you all claim me to be, I don't have the power to move 750 million yen in just half of a year."

Eva: "Th-That can't be true. Are you trying to deceive us with such a half-baked trick?"

Krauss: "At the time of the division of the inheritance, I will liquidate everything at once. Remove the condition that I must pay you 10% in advance. ...That is the only condition under which I am willing to sign."

Hideyoshi: "...Krauss nii-san, that 10% is nothin' more than a number to measure your sincerity, isn't it? All things being equal, you shouldn't have any room to negotiate at all. "We're doin' you a huge favor by offerin' to let things slide for just ten percent in good faith money. Now that we've explained that, you rejectin' our offer would seriously damage our trustin' relationship, right...?"

Hideyoshi had a humble expression on his face and was rubbing his hands together, but his eyes weren't calm at all.

...Krauss had already seen through to the shadow in the depths of those eyes.

Krauss: "...Hmph. Why are you all in such a rush? Or could it be that you're afraid of something? ...Rosa, won't you tell me alone? ...Secretly, so the rest of the siblings can't hear."

Rosa: "...I-It's not as though I..."

Rudolf: "Quit it, Aniki. All we're asking is whether you're gonna sign or not. Just forget about making any strange deals or any other suspicious moves."

Krauss: "...Hoh? You say I have no room to negotiate? ...Are you trying to claim that I am in a weak position, which therefore puts us in an unequal relationship?"

Shivers began to crawl up Rudolf's back...

He began to feel himself getting overwhelmed by the height of his brother's completely insurmountable wall...and the long shadow that had existed since they were children...

Krauss: "Shouldn't deals be made between those on even footings? From my perspective, this deal will help restore the long-lost trust of my younger siblings and deepen the love between us. It's an old problem that's been eating at me, and one I would prefer to resolve as soon as possible. I would be overjoyed if we could resolve it today. ...However, it seems I'm not the only one who'd be quite glad to close this deal quickly. Am I wrong...?"

Krauss stared at each of his siblings. ...They avoided his gaze with animal-like instinct.

Only Hideyoshi was slow in avoiding it. ...So he was caught by Krauss's gaze.

Krauss: "Hideyoshi-san, I hear your company has been doing extremely well lately. At a brisk pace, it went public, and both its track record and its stock prices have soared. I am truly jealous."

Eva: "...W-We aren't here to talk about my husband."

Krauss: "However, it is unfortunate that you have neglected your stockholders. It's even more unfortunate that you were unable to solidify your base when you became stock-listed. ...Before you realized it, some bad-natured colleagues of yours had bought up a huge share of your company's stock, right?"

Hideyoshi: "...H- How could you know about that...?"

Krauss: "The same way you knew about me. If it's possible to collect evidence proving that no one would offer a loan to me, then it's possible for me to collect evidence on you. Hahaha, is it really so unexpected as that?"

Krauss grinned broadly. ...In contrast, Hideyoshi's face was rapidly turning pale...

Hideyoshi's company was a restaurant chain management company that he'd started from nothing.

Thanks to Hideyoshi's management efforts, the company had achieved success repeatedly, expanding its range, and a petition to make it a stock-listed company had recently succeeded.

The greatest advantage of being in the stock-holding system is that you can sell stock certificates and gain a large amount of financing.

That amount tends to be far greater than a business's normal profits. So, this is an extremely effective way to gather massive funds to expand a business even further.

However, in exchange for financing the company, the stockholders gain certain rights.

They're given rights that allow them to observe and guide the company they've invested in, leading to profits even greater than their original investments.

...This right is guaranteed to the stockholders, and they sometimes use it to dismiss ineffectual management.

The `right' allows them to keep an eye on management and prevent the money they've invested in the company from going to waste.

However, if they use it forcibly, they can eject the former management and take over the company.

...After all, dismissing management and nominating new management are powers held by the general body of all shareholders.

That power is determined by the majority decision of the stockholders. And people who hold more stock get to cast more votes.

In other words, if some person or group holds a majority of the stock, they can freely chase out the old management and make the president anyone they'd like.

If they want, it's also possible for them to make themselves president.

Most companies take various defensive measures to stop malicious people from buying up their stock and threatening their position, like ensuring that lots of stock is bought by those close to them, such as company employees.

However, Hideyoshi's company had only recently become stock-listed, and he hadn't had time to strengthen those defensive measures.

Or...maybe Hideyoshi was so engrossed in the management of his company that he couldn't properly understand the dangers of being stock-listed.

It's hard to say whether he should be viewed as a kind-hearted manager immersed in the work of management, or a foolish manager who had his feet swept out from under him...

...In other words, there existed some people who wouldn't let him get away with that naivety unscathed.

They began repeatedly buying up stock in Hideyoshi's company, rapidly gaining such strength that they couldn't be ignored. They then sent anonymous documents to the shareholders in an attempt to gain control of a majority.

The documents read: `The current management continues to make pointless investments and is ignoring the needs of the stockholders. Let us force the current management to retire, cut the current wasted investments, and let this company be born again as one that gives more back to the stockholders.'

It's very difficult to make the actual state of a company's management known.

...The fruits of Hideyoshi's sleepless nights and constant concern for his company were cruelly distorted, and he lost the trust of his stockholders.

Thanks to these efforts, this group had almost collected a majority of the company's stock.

...At that point, even Hideyoshi noticed and started to buy back the stock, but the stockholders realized that the company was undergoing an acquisition maneuver... and each demanded a ridiculous price for the shares that Hideyoshi was trying to buy back.

They continually tortured Hideyoshi, who had no leeway in the negotiation of the price.

One of the certainties of capitalism is that the price will rise when two parties vie for the same thing. And one of the certainties of democracy is that the majority controls everything.

So in the end, whoever manages to buy up the most stock wins.

...Put another way, whoever has the most money wins.

Unless Hideyoshi could obtain a large sum of money at this critical time, he could easily lose all he had built so far...

THEREFORE, MORE THAN ANYTHING ELSE, HE WANTED A LOT OF MONEY RIGHT NOW...!

He couldn't wait for the division of Kinzo's inheritance, since no one knew when he would die.

Krauss: "And you, Rudolf, have been in quite a lot of trouble lately too, haven't you? You always hear people say it's terrifying overseas, but it seems it really is true. American trials are settled quite emotionally. They never hand down generous judgements to foreigners. ...Weren't you advised by your lawyer that making a settlement with the other party would be more economical in the long run?"

Kyrie: "...What's this all about...?"

Rudolf: "...Well, it's just some trouble from work. No big deal. Nothing you can't settle with money..."

Kyrie immediately guessed the meaning behind the subtle expression on Rudolf's face.

...Her husband had gotten wrapped up in some kind of trouble without her knowledge...and had been worrying over it alone.

Krauss: "That's right. In this world, anything can be settled with money. After all, it can even buy back the broken bonds between siblings! America is very fussy about the violation of rights. But with money, anything can be settled. Long live capitalism. ...Though, rumor has it that the settlement money could be as high as several million dollars."

Rudolf had been building a large amount of wealth with a certain type of niche industry.

...However, a niche is a niche. It definitely wasn't a business exposed to the light of day.

An American corporate giant was trying to accuse Rudolf's company of violating their rights.

For various reasons, it was thought that victory for Rudolf in this trial would be extremely unlikely, and he was being forced into an all-out surrender.

...But even so, there was a way for this to be resolved with money. If he could just pay that money, it might still be painful, but he'd be able to pick himself back up.

...But if he didn't pay, he'd lose everything.

THEREFORE, MORE THAN ANYTHING ELSE, HE WANTED A LOT OF MONEY RIGHT NOW...!

Krauss: "...Rosa, you're a good and noble little sister. You wouldn't get yourself involved in a dangerous money game. ...However, your softhearted nature has brought you trouble, hasn't it...? In my opinion, becoming a cosigner for anything isn't something one should enter into lightly."

Rosa: "Nng, ...umm, ...th-that's none of your business, Krauss nii-san!!"

Rosa uncharacteristically laid bare her emotions and yelled. ...After all, no one was supposed to know that. As Krauss watched, he let slip a muffled laugh...

...Without exception.

Every one of them, MORE THAN ANYTHING ELSE, WANTED A LOT OF MONEY RIGHT NOW...!

In other words, the situation had been reversed.

After all, the person the younger siblings were threatening...was the only one who had no urgent need for a large sum of money. The other three, however, wanted a lot of money quickly, no matter the cost.

In other words, the longer it took to establish this deal, the better position Krauss would be in.

Krauss was extremely sly. He had known of their Achilles heel from the beginning. Even so, he had not been certain.

Therefore, he had hidden his knowledge until the very end, striking back only after analyzing their attitudes.

Krauss: "If it were possible, I would like nothing more than to raise some money for my adorable siblings in their time of need. ...But unfortunately, I have nothing on hand. ...If you know of any sponsors that might be able to raise a whole 750 million, I suggest you try there first."

Krauss's elated words were so obviously detached from what he actually felt. The other siblings could do nothing more than listen, grinding their teeth.

...If they could think of a sponsor that convenient, they wouldn't have kept up this charade. They had entered this huge battle specifically because they had exhausted all other options.

Krauss: "...However, if you do insist on relying on your big brother, I wouldn't mind using my influence to help you find such a sponsor. ...Oh wait, I do believe you said that I have no influence. Well then, I'm afraid I won't be much help to you. ...Hehheheheheheheh!"

Krauss's low, gloating laugh began to fill the parlor.

The younger siblings, who had been driving the oldest brother into a corner until a moment ago, could do nothing more than grimace and grind their teeth...

Hideyoshi: "...E-Eva..."

Eva: "...Don't make me laugh... As if I'd ever put myself in your debt...! Don't make me laugh, ...don't make me laugh...!"

Rosa: "...I- If we relied on you, how exactly would you help us...?"

Krauss: "I told you, didn't I? All I can do is find other sponsors for you. Of course, I will negotiate for the highest interest rate possible. Hehheheheh, gahahaha!!"

Rudolf: "...Damn you, ...taking advantage of us..."

Kyrie: "...Honey, please calm down."

Rudolf: "I am calm. I'm extremely cool... ...You bastard...!"

Kyrie grabbed her husband's hand.

But that action made him feel even more pitiful, so Rudolf shook it off. ...Krauss laughed as though watching something highly amusing.

Krauss: "In times like these, it certainly would be nice to find Father's hidden gold. If you did, you could split it up into 2.5 billion yen portions right now. How sad, how sad. How very sad! How extremely, totally, truly, hopelessly sad!"

Krauss: "...Tonight, let us all drink together... as we solve the riddle of Beatrice's epitaph and discover the location of Father's hidden gold. If we four friendly siblings work together, there is surely no puzzle we can't solve. ...Hahaha!!"

Kinzo: "...Hmph. Quite an entertaining scheme. Well then, what are the conditions they've attached?"

Kanon: "...Well, whether or not Krauss-sama actually discovers the gold, he'll pay Eva-sama, Rudolf-sama and Rosa-sama a total of 7.5 billion yen for their shares. However, 10% of that will be paid before March."

Kinzo: "Heh, hahaha... Krauss, you dunce. To think he would have his feet swept out from under him by his younger siblings... How truly amusing. ...But it sounds as though they tripped when going in for the kill, yes?"

Kanon: "...Yes. Krauss-sama exposed the fact that Eva-sama and the younger siblings all have an urgent need to get money."

Kinzo: "Hmph. Is there even any need to `expose' such obvious facts? That irresolute, incompetent man. ...What are they doing now?"

Kanon: "...That conversation has been put on hold for the time being. Now, Beatrice-sama's epitaph is being discussed."

Kinzo: "So, they're trying to solve the riddle and find out where my gold is hidden?"

Kanon: "...Yes."

Kinzo set down his spectacles and snorted.

Kinzo: "...Will the miracle be fulfilled first, or will those fools expose the gold first? ...What a show this will be. ...At the very moment those fools solve my puzzle, I will suffer utter defeat. They can suck my corpse down to the last fragment of bone. The greed of fools can allow great magic to bring forth a miracle. ...And yet!! If the fulfillment of the miracle comes first... if it comes first! Beatrice will be resurrected again!! The smile I have been chasing half my life will be restored...!"

Kinzo: "Oooooohhh, Beatrice!! Soon will come the sacred night when we shall bet upon a miracle, and the game of demons shall begin...! I will surely prove triumphant and survive!! I'll let you have the lives of all those others! I don't need wealth or honor or assets or gold or anything! All I want is to see your smile one last time!! *cough*cough*cough*!!"

Kinzo choked, apparently in great pain.

Kanon got closer and tried to pat his master's back, but Kinzo motioned for him to stop.

Kinzo: "...Do you know why I went to the trouble of exposing the hidden location of the gold in a place that everyone can see?"

Kanon: "...No."

Kinzo: "It is because magical power is determined by risk. If the number of people who try to discover Beatrice's gold is great... and the danger of them succeeding is great as well, then the power of magic will bring about a grand miracle if we succeed despite the odds. ...In other words, magic is a game. It is not the case that the one who performs the best becomes the victor. The victor performs the best because he has been granted magic. Do you see? It is similar to how the miracle of life can be granted only after winning against the divine odds of several hundred million to one. ...Is this a little difficult for you?"

Kanon: "...My apologies."

Kinzo: "That's fine. ...It all comes down to this. I will give all that I have built up to the one who solves the mystery of Beatrice's epitaph. Wealth, honor, gold, and the inheritance of the Ushiromiya family. Everything that I have established! My children certainly aren't the only ones with the right to attempt to solve this riddle. Anyone who solves the riddle will have the right to gain everything, even you."

Kanon: "...Yes. However, ...I couldn't possibly understand such a difficult riddle."

Kinzo: "Of course. I made it difficult. ...But you must try to solve it as well. That will form the seed that summons the miracle of my magic. If everyone attempts it and everyone fails, that will be that. However, if the miracles come together and give birth to magical power, it will happen! Beatrice will revive. That is why you must attempt it too. Everyone must attempt it. And in so doing, they will give strength to my magic!! Do you understand?!"

Kanon: "...Yes. ...I will try."

For a long while, Kinzo repeatedly muttered to himself, agitated and clutching at his head.

Kanon stayed where he was, alert and unmoving, until he was given the next order from his master.

...Kinzo eventually realized this.

Kinzo: "Very well, leave me. ...There is a bag of sweets on the liquor cabinet. You can take some with you as a reward."

Kanon: "...I'm fine. After all, ...I am furniture."

Kinzo: "...Hmmm. ...So furniture doesn't eat sweets? ...Well, I suppose it stands to reason. In that case, leave me."

Kanon: "Yes. ...Excuse me."

Kanon bowed and left the study. As the door closed, a heavy locking noise sounded out.

But it was not the sound of Kanon locking the door. It was the door locking automatically.

No one could enter without Kinzo's permission, and once they left, they could not enter again. ...It was a mechanism that Kinzo, unable to trust his blood relatives, had created to seal himself up in his own study and isolate himself from the outside world.

He was already unable to trust anyone excepting, not the children who shared his blood, but those servants who called themselves furniture...

Genji: "...Nanjo-sama, how are you feeling?"

Nanjo: "...Ah, Genji-san. Oh, it's just that there's no place for me to be anymore." With a bitter laugh, Nanjo turned to face the door to the parlor.

...That look was apparently enough to tell Genji what Nanjo wanted to say.

For the most part, Genji also understood the family's situation.

...It must have made him want to frown, knowing that right now in the lounge, the master he served was being discussed so disrespectfully.

But it would have been very difficult to gather that from his indifferent expression.

Nanjo: "...Still, ...I don't understand. ...Why did Kinzo-san have something so provocative written, I wonder."

Nanjo looked at the portrait of Beatrice. ...No, he actually directed his gaze beneath the portrait, at the plate with the epitaph.

Genji: "...I do not presume to understand the Master's thoughts. However, I'm sure he had a deep reason for doing so."

Nanjo: "Since long ago, when Kinzo-san played chess, he would always prepare his moves according to some far-reaching judgement. Yes, sometimes even to make moves I couldn't understand. ...For an average person like me, it was impossible to see through to whatever it was he was planning..."

Genji: "Sometimes I wonder if this might be some kind of will, in the Master's eyes. ...Perhaps he wishes to hand over his wealth and title to the one who can understand it."

Nanjo: "...So, you're thinking he may have wanted the four siblings to work together and solve the riddle... before some outsider like myself solved it? Kinzo-san may speak of his children in insulting terms, but perhaps he also wants them to repair their relationship."

Genji: "..."

It certainly would be heartwarming if, as Nanjo had suggested, this epitaph had been made to repair the siblings' relationship.

...However, both Nanjo and Genji knew that nothing could be more impossible than this.

They'd known Kinzo longer than anyone, and Kinzo trusted them more than his own relatives, but even they could not guess at his true motives...

Genji: "...The Master always says that everyone has the right to try and solve the riddle, even if they aren't a member of his family. ...What about you, Doctor Nanjo?"

Nanjo: "No, no... It's a little too difficult a puzzle for this senile old man. ...Actually, I once wrote this epitaph down on my notebook. Night after night, I would try to solve it before going to sleep, ...but, hahaha, it really is hard. It looks like we might have some free time to relax and consider it before someone comes to get us. What do you say, Genji-san?"

Genji: "...I am nothing more than furniture in service to the Master. Gold and assets are unnecessary to me."

Nanjo: "My, you're very modest. ...I imagine that's why Kinzo-san trusts you so much."

Genji: "If so, I am honored..."

As Nanjo lightly laughed in response, he once again looked at the epitaph.

Nanjo: "...Behold the sweetfish river running through my beloved hometown. You who seek the Golden Land, follow its path downstream in search of the key..."

The epitaph on the portrait called My Beloved Witch Beatrice goes as follows

Behold the sweetfish river running through my beloved hometown. You who seek the Golden Land, follow its path downstream in search of the key.

As you travel down it, you will see a village. In that village, look for the shore the two will tell you of. There sleeps the key to the Golden Land.

The one who obtains the key must then travel to the Golden Land in accordance with these rules.

On the first twilight, offer the six chosen by the key as sacrifices. On the second twilight, those who remain shall tear apart the two who are close. On the third twilight, those who remain shall praise my noble name. On the fourth twilight, gouge the head and kill. On the fifth twilight, gouge the chest and kill. On the sixth twilight, gouge the stomach and kill. On the seventh twilight, gouge the knee and kill.

On the eighth twilight, gouge the leg and kill. On the ninth twilight, the witch shall revive, and none shall be left alive. On the tenth twilight, at journey's end, you shall attain to the power of the Golden Land's treasures, once and for the last time.

The witch shall praise the wise and bestow four treasures.

One shall be all the gold from the Golden Land. One shall be the resurrection of all the dead souls. One shall be the resurrection of the love that was lost. One shall be to put the witch to sleep for all time.

Sleep peacefully, my beloved witch, Beatrice.

# Chapter 6
# label: *umi1_6
# Beach and rose garden. Eyecatch: October 4 (Sat) 17:00 → 18:00.

Battler: "So...on the tenth twilight, the journey ends, and you reach the Golden Land. You really are diligent, Maria. You did a good job writing this all down."

Maria: "Uu-! I forget a lot, so I always write things down! Mama told me to!"

There was a notebook inside the handbag Maria was always carrying around, and Beatrice's epitaph was copied onto it.

Thanks to that, we were all able to challenge the puzzle of the epitaph while walking down this beach.

Jessica and the rest had already tried to solve it several times... and had already gotten bored with it.

However, since this was a first for me, I was so excited that I couldn't stop. It really tickled my sense of adventure!

Battler: "Let's start with the first line. Behold the sweetfish river running through my beloved hometown. Where was Grandfather's hometown again?"

Jessica: "I heard that before the war, the Ushiromiya family had a mansion near Odawara. Which makes you wanna know which sweetfish river flows through Odawara, right?"

Battler: "Yeah, 'cause that river would be the starting place. Anyone searching for the Golden Land would head down that and search for the key. What's this river in Odawara? Does it have sweetfish swimming in it?"

George: "If you're looking for sweetfish in Odawara, it'd have to be Hayakawa. It's famous for its mountain stream fishing."

Maria: "Uu-. I hate fiiish."

Battler: "Ihihi, Maria, you'll understand when you get a bit older! Licklicklick salty roasted sweetfish! Yummy! Even though we just ate, I'm getting hungry again."

Shannon: "...Umm, shall I bring you a biscuit?"

Battler: "Huh? Oh, sorry. That's not what I meant, don't mind it!"

Shannon-chan was faithfully keeping us company, since she didn't have any afternoon chores for a while.

I would've thought that, since she's a servant, accompanying us would force her to take care of us and tire her out, but that didn't seem to be the case for her.

...On the contrary, she seemed to enjoy joining in on a conversation with people close to her age.

When I asked, I heard that she was the sort of worker whose room and board were supplied by her employer. So normally, the only person close to her in age was Jessica.

Yeah, I can imagine how that might be pretty dull.

Battler: "Okay, so I get that the sweetfish-filled river near Odawara is Hayakawa. In that case, we've gotta go down it! Do you find anything if you head down Hayakawa river?"

Shannon: "Ummm, ...if you follow it downstream, you'll arrive at the ocean."

Battler: "Of course, you'd reach the mouth of the river! And the third line of the epitaph was `As you travel down it, you will see a village.' By the way, since long ago, the mouths of rivers have been key points in transportation, and large cities tend to be built there. That'd be the next checkpoint."

George: "Hmmmmmm. That's a pretty good theory. Just like you guessed, there's an old city there that was very prosperous in ancient times. That's where Odawara Castle is."

Shannon: "Ah, I think I might have gone to Odawara Castle on a field trip once. It really was a wonderful castle."

Jessica: "Yeah, I also went there. Even though I live in a Western-style house, it's true that Japanese people feel calmer with a Japanese layout!"

Maria: "Uu-. Castles are boring. Theme parks are better. Uu-!"

Battler: "I see, I see. Okay! If we find the gold, the great Battler-sama will generously reserve a whole theme park for a day and let you play in it! ...Still, Odawara Castle, huh? The hidden gold of Odawara Castle... Oho?! It's actually starting to sound pretty good!"

Jessica: "Hahaha! Well, we figured out that much two years ago. The village down the river where the sweetfish swim in Odawara. We figured it was probably somewhere near Odawara Castle. The problem is the next line. Okay, let's see where Battler's strange reasoning can take him."

Jessica grinned broadly. She seemed to be implying that she would've solved the puzzle long ago if it was that easy.

...Damn it, I'll definitely find it and keep it all for myself!

Battler: "The fourth line. ...In that village, look for the shore the two will tell you of. ...I don't know what it means by `the two', but anyway, the shore... ...What does it mean by the shore?! No, wait, ...is there any place near there with `shore' or 岸 (kishi) in its name?"

Shannon: "Ummm, ...I've heard there's a place called Sogakishi in Odawara."

Battler: "Huh?! Wow, you sure know a lot about it! Heheh, what could that mean? Shannon-chan, are you trying to solve the riddle and get the gold too? That makes us rivals!"

Shannon: "I-It's not like I'm interested in gold... It's just that...George-sama told me about it before..."

Jessica: "That's because we reached the same conclusion two years ago. We even went to the trouble of laying out a map and looking it up!"

George: "It was about five kilometers to the north of Odawara. We definitely found a place called Sogakishi there. ...However, after that, we get stuck. The fifth line doesn't say where the key is hidden in that place. Maria-chan, could you read it for us?"

Maria: "...Uu-. ...There sleeps the... key to the... Golden Land. Uu-! I could read it!"

Jessica: "Sogakishi is probably large, and there wasn't ever any house built there by the Ushiromiya family. Not much we can do to find a key in such a vast area without any hints."

Battler: "You're right. ...And without the key, we can't advance to the next line. George-aniki, what kind of place is Sogakishi?"

George: "Let's see... I've never been there, so I don't really know, but according to the map, it's in the mountains. I'm pretty sure it was at the base of Mt. Asama."

Battler: "...Hmmmm. Something doesn't feel right. You'd expect a riddle pointing the way to hidden gold to be a bit more exact. I get the feeling that even the part about Sogakishi was a mistake."

Jessica: "Well, I think it could be Sogakishi. It could be talking about some house that Grandfather lived in when he was a kid that we don't know about. After all, the first line mentioned his beloved hometown. ...Shannon, you've served Grandfather alcohol and stuff lots of times, right? Hasn't he ever talked to you about his past?"

Shannon: "...The Master almost never speaks of the past. ...However, he talks of the Great Kanto Earthquake as though it was someone else's story, so he may have been living far away from the Kanto area."

George: "The Ushiromiya family may have been living in Odawara, but not all of the branch families were. Grandfather often called himself part of a branch of a branch family, the least connected to the successor."

Battler: "And that means... the beloved hometown might not even be Odawara at all...!"

Jessica: "I've never heard anything about Grandfather's hometown. And I doubt he'd actually tell me if I asked."

George: "If the so-called beloved hometown isn't referring to the Ushiromiya family's roots, then the Odawara theory is wrong from the beginning. Of course, this doesn't completely remove the possibility that it was Sogakishi. For example, perhaps he lived in Odawara when he was very young, but then moved far away later."

Maria: "Uu-... I don't understand what you're all talking about. Uu-." Maria had been completely left out of the conversation, and she now sat puffing out her cheeks in boredom.

Battler: "So, basically, if we can't even agree on the starting point for this dice game of gold, we're totally stuck. ...But wait... After the first five lines, the thing we end up finding is a key, right? Even if you don't have a key, it's always possible to bust through a door. Can't we just skip the first five lines and start figuring out the rest?"

Jessica: "Ooh... I hadn't thought of that. Oh well, we're just wasting time anyway. Let's hear the rest of Battler's reasoning!"

Shannon: "...But in the next part, it gets dark really fast..." Shannon-chan frowned slightly.

After looking back at Maria's notebook to recall what was written there, ...yeah, I was forced to agree.

Battler: "On the first twilight, offer the six chosen by the key as sacrifices... It sure does get horrible quickly."

Jessica: "On the second twilight, it says to tear apart the two who are close. Does that mean to make them break off their loving relationship? Or does it mean to literally tear them apart? I don't know, but either way, it's pretty disgusting."

George: "Even if we set that second line aside, it mentions 6 people for the first twilight, then 5 people for the fourth through eighth twilights, so at least 11 people must be sacrificed."

Maria: "Uu-. They're sacrifices to revive Beatrice!"

Battler: "...I see, sacrifices to restore the witch... Yeah, that's what it'd mean. Near the end, the witch'll be revived on the ninth twilight... ...That last part is guaranteed."

Shannon: "...On the ninth twilight, the witch shall revive, and none shall be left alive. ...So everyone will die in the end."

Jessica: "And after that, the tenth twilight is the goal line. Not sure how you're supposed to reach the Golden Land if everyone's dead by then."

George: "...Depending how you interpret it, the traveler who holds the key may or may not be included in the `none shall be left alive' part."

Battler: "But at the end, there's something pretty interesting. After reaching the goal, the witch gives out four treasures. One shall be all the gold. The problem is the next one. It says the dead souls will be resurrected, right? Doesn't that sound like it means everyone who died in the earlier lines?"

Shannon: "...If you put it like that, then the part about reviving lost love might refer to the pair torn apart on the second twilight."

George: "That's right. And the fourth one refers to the ninth twilight. The fourth treasure is putting the witch, revived on the ninth twilight, to sleep."

Jessica: "If we put a happy spin on all this, it'll be hectic with people dying and breaking up all over the place, but it'll all be made right in the end. The awakened witch will sleep again, ...and everything'll be like it was at the start, except with a huge pile of gold."

Battler: "The witch must be pretty busy, what with all the killing, reviving, breaking up, and reuniting people."

Jessica: "Not to mention waking up and sleeping. Hahaha."

Battler: "Sheesh, just when the tale of the hidden gold was getting interesting, it all gets pretty dubious once the witch starts showing up."

Jessica: "Too true. Ahahaha!"

I laughed along with Jessica. After all, the idea of a witch was just too ridiculous.

...Of course, once we started laughing like that, Maria, who believed in the witch, got angry.

Maria: "Uu-! The witch is incredible! She can do anything with magic! Even kill. Even bring back to life. Even give love, even take it. She can fly in the sky, can become invisible, can even make gold and bread out of nothing! Uu-! Uu-! Uu-uu-uu-!!"

Jessica: "Erk, dang... My bad, ...we were just joking!" Jessica apologized, sticking out her tongue, but Maria didn't accept it.

She grabbed her notebook back out of my hands and, opening to some other pages, tried to prove that the witch existed.

Those pages had colorful drawings of witches on them... and well conveyed the fantastical image Maria had of witches.

It wasn't the normal sinister image of a crooked-nose hag flying around on a broom, but a dreamlike person with unnatural powers, who could do anything and wore a beautiful dress. It was just what you'd expect from an imaginative young girl.

Flitting through the sky, crossing a rainbow, dancing around all night with a teacup and a teapot that would never get empty no matter how much you poured out of it.

With a flourish of her staff, the stars in the sky would become candy and pour down, and flowers that produced sweets would bud by the roadside.

...To Maria, witches were the only concept that could embody the magical dream that so captivated her.

As she grew older, it was the last remaining thing that could give richness to her dull and plain everyday life.

That's why Maria believed in witches.

She didn't want that dream of hers to be tarnished. That's why she didn't want anyone to tarnish the epitaph, which affirmed the existence of witches.

Because the witch named Beatrice is Maria's dream...

George: "To Maria-chan, the epitaph isn't a guide to the hidden gold, but magic to revive the witch."

So it was the single link between Maria and the witch.

Maria was very angry and clung to George-aniki.

Jessica and I scratched our heads and apologized.

...It might not be possible to smooth things over again like the time she got mad in front of the portrait.

Maria didn't seem willing to be easily consoled. Unlike Jessica and I, who hung our heads wondering what to do, Shannon-chan timidly opened her mouth.

Shannon: "Umm, ...Maria-sama, did you know...? There's a ghost story about Beatrice that has been passed down amongst the servants."

Maria: "...Uu-?"

Jessica: "A-Ah, yeah, that's right! Shannon, tell us about it. I don't really know, but it's apparently pretty famous among the servants."

Battler: "What is this? A ghost story?"

George: "Yes. It seems it's a story from before we were born. I also heard about it from my mother."

Shannon: "...Yes. It has been passed down since the time of the mansion's construction. ...The servants of that time whispered that the mansion had two Masters, one of the Day and one of the Night."

The tale that Shannon told was just like a typical campfire ghost story.

If there was a forest with a witch living inside it, ...then of course the witch would come pay the mansion a visit from time to time.

At some point, this ghost story naturally sprouted up between the servants.

Shannon: "When people do the rounds a second time to check doors, windows and locks that were supposedly closed, they'd find some of them left open. Lights that were supposed to be off were turned on, and lights that were supposed to be on went out. Things left lying around would disappear, and things would appear when no one had any memory of putting them there. When any of these things happened, the old servants would say that the witch had visited the mansion, invisible, and was playing pranks."

Maria: "Uu-! See, she exists! Beatrice exists!!"

Jessica: "Yeah, she exists. Long ago, it was always right before leaving for school that I wasn't able to find my bag, and stuff..." Maria puffed out her chest with an `uu-uu-' as though this was final proof of the witch's existence.

If I opened my mouth, Maria would probably be hurt again, so I didn't.

...I mean, you hear this kind of story everywhere.

Depending on the place, they might blame it on a dwarf or an elf. The only difference is that they call it a witch on this island.

Of course, walking around a vast, elegant mansion at night would be a little unsettling.

It's an island devoid of people. Since the mansion is so drafty, walking around on the night of a thunderstorm would certainly be eerie.

Shannon: "In addition, some servants have also seen will-o'-the-wisps and glittering butterflies dancing around. ...Kanon-kun also saw something like that when he went patrolling one night. And recently, you often hear servants talking about strange footsteps heard inside the mansion near midnight. We've whispered together that the Beatrice-sama in the portrait sometimes makes herself invisible and walks through the mansion. ...It happened a while ago, but even I have heard footsteps while patrolling at night that resemble these stories."

Battler: "...Whew. That's scary..."

Shannon: "Ah, ...but there's nothing to be afraid of. Beatrice-sama is another ruler of this mansion, separate from the Master. So, there's no need to be unnaturally afraid. If you respect her, I hear she won't do anything bad."

George: "However, she can be quite terrifying if you don't respect her, right?"

Shannon: "...Correct. I've heard that, just before I began working here, someone who spoke badly about Beatrice-sama fell down the stairs and quit after receiving a large injury to their back. Because of that, there was a rumor between the servants that Beatrice-sama's anger had been brought down upon this person..."

Maria: "Uu-... Anger will definitely be brought down on Battler and Jessica... Uu-..."

Battler: "I-I-I'm sorry! I don't want her anger brought down upon me! I apologize, Maria. Of course, I also apologize to the witch. I'm sorry, Beatrice-sama. Please forgive an outsider's nonsense."

Jessica: "I'll apologize as well. I'm sorry, Beatrice-sama. ...Will the witch be able to forgive us now?"

Maria: "...Uu-. Don't know. Witches are fickle, so they forgive when they want to, and don't when they don't. Uu-!"

George: "That's no good... Maria-chan, isn't there some kind of good luck charm that could prevent Battler-kun and Jessica-chan from suffering Beatrice-sama's wrath? Maybe something that can block against magic?"

By relying on Maria, who was proud of knowing the most about witches, George was trying to revive her self-esteem.

...Once again, I've gotta admire his ability to calm kids down.

After taking a moment to cross her arms and seriously ponder whether there might be a charm that could save us, she started flipping through the pages in her notebook.

I'd thought it was just a scribbled diary, ...but there also seemed to be quite a few pages that looked like they'd come from a book on black magic.

Maria solemnly considered a group of these pages, which contained things that looked like magic circles.

...Apparently, Grandfather wasn't the only one with a black magic hobby.

When Maria finally found what she was looking for, she snapped the notebook shut and threw it into her handbag. She then began fishing through that bag's contents.

There seemed to be various jumbled up things in there.

After a while, she took out various pieces of junk--although they were probably important magical items to Maria-- and repeatedly threw them back in, saying they were wrong.

It was all a little humorous, just like when Dora○mon took out the wrong tool.

Finally, she seemed to discover what she was looking for.

With a face that was unimaginably cheery when compared to the intense expression she had worn until now, she held `those' out to Jessica and me.

Maria: "Uu-!"

I grabbed it...and saw that it was a very cheap-looking charm.

It looked like a bracelet made from a plastic rosary, ...with a scorpion-themed medal attached.

Haven't you ever seen those cheap, zodiac-themed accessories? The kind you might win in a crane game at an arcade.

It really looked like something like that.

There were two of them. Probably one for me and one for Jessica.

...However, the very fact that there were two of them made them feel even more like cheap, manufactured goods, making it pretty hard to think of them as magical items.

Jessica: "You're giving these to me and Battler?"

Maria: "Uu-! With these charms, you don't even need to worry about Beatrice! Because scorpions have the power to ward off magic!"

Battler: "Huh, really? Didn't know scorpions could do that."

Maria: "Uu-, Battler doesn't believe! Uu-uu-uu-!"

I'd said too much and angered Maria again...

Maria took out her notebook again, pointing out various pages as she went on and on about how the scorpion had such incredible holy power that it had been used in magic-repelling magical circles since ancient times.

Shannon: "...Ah, I've heard about that from some of the other young servants. Something about how the scorpion is drawn as a magic-repelling symbol in sorcery..."

Jessica: "Huh, really...!"

Maria: "Uu-! The scorpion protects against bad magic and calamity. And emerald brings peace to the heart. Therefore, its effects are two-fold! Uu-!"

George: "It's true. The scorpion wraps around the emerald and protects it. Yes, that certainly does sound like it'd work well."

I really wanted to make fun of those worthless looking charms, but as I watched Maria explaining with all of her heart and realized that she'd found them for our sakes, I started to feel like it might actually work, even if it was just a prize from some game center.

The material quality of the charm didn't matter.

What mattered was the strength of her feelings. Even I don't think of myself as the sort of loser who'd laugh at something like that.

Battler: "Okay, thank you. I apologized to Beatrice-sama, but even if I do end up getting cursed, I'll be safe now thanks to Maria's charm. Right, Jessica?"

Jessica: "Yeah, that's right! Thanks, Maria."

Maria: "Uu-! Wear it on your arm when you want your heart to be at peace. Put it in your wallet and your money won't decrease! If you hang it from a doorknob, bad things can't get in! It's a really convenient charm!"

Shannon: "What an incredible effect. If Maria-sama gives it her confident seal of approval, then it surely must be reliable."

Shannon-chan clapped her hands together, and Maria stuck out her chest.

She was totally in a good mood again.

It's probably best if we let her lead the conversation a bit longer, if it'll keep her in such a good mood. Come to think of it, she looked a bit bored when we were getting excited about the hidden gold, probably because she couldn't keep up.

While eating the cookies Kumasawa-san had baked, Jessica and I asked Maria this and that about black magic.

Maria happily chatted away in response to our questions.

Each time, George-aniki and Shannon-chan would act surprised or chime in.

The clouds in the sky grew darker and darker, but we cousins really enjoyed communicating freely after a year of separation...

George: "...Nn? Did I just feel a drop on my forehead?"

Battler: "Huh? I wonder."

As George-aniki rubbed his forehead, he looked up at the sky.

Considering the color of the sky and the dampness of the air, it wouldn't have been odd for a raindrop to hit him. The wind also seemed to have grown a bit stronger.

Maria: "Uu-? I didn't feel a drop. Only I didn't. Uu-!"

Battler: "Don't worry, neither did I. Anyway, I'm sure it'll rain so much tonight that everyone'll get to feel plenty of raindrops."

George: "That's right. Maybe we should head back soon..."

Shannon-chan looked down at her watch. It was probably well into the evening by now.

Jessica: "Is it already time for you to return to your work?"

Shannon: "Yes. ...Thank you very much... for allowing me to enjoy some time together with you all."

George: "Tell Kumasawa-san thanks for the cookies. Okay everyone, help out with the cleanup."

Shannon-chan declined our help, saying that this was a servant's job, but picking up a dropped fork before the waitress has to is like my purpose in life.

We folded up the blanket, gathered up the trash, and helped clean everything up.

Maria: "Uu-! The trash is getting awaaay! Uu-uu-!!"

Battler: "I won't let it escape, I'll grab it before Maria does!"

Maria: "Uu-!! I'll grab it! Uu-uu-uu-!"

Jessica: "Maria! Don't get your shoes wet, you'll get in trouble!" To Maria, chasing after some trash sent flying by the powerful winds was just another game.

By the time we finished, the wind was blowing pretty strongly. Probably a good time to head back.

Shannon: "You've all helped me out a lot. Thank you very much."

George: "...It looks like you're really out of time. It's okay if you head back first." George-aniki perceived from her hurried appearance that very little of her free time was left.

Jessica: "Genji-san's very strict about time. If you don't show up where you're supposed to be at the right time, I bet he'll be pissed."

George: "We'll see you later. Do your best with your work."

Shannon: "Y-Yes! ...Then if you will excuse me." After making a respectful bow, Shannon-chan ran towards the rose garden.

Battler: "Okay, let's head back to the guesthouse. We can watch TV or something and relax a little."

Maria: "Uu-! Wanna watch TV! Wanna watch TV, uu-!"

Jessica: "Then it's decided. Let's all head back and watch TV together."

Maria, who wasn't done having fun, agreed once television was mentioned.

We climbed up the gentle stairs and returned to the rose garden.

The wind had grown very strong, and roses shook throughout the garden like ripples on the water.

This might be our last chance to see these beautiful roses... I'll bet tonight's typhoon ruins them...

Battler: "These roses might be done in by tonight's winds."

Jessica: "You're right. Still, I think the roses were pretty lucky. After all, they got to welcome all of you before the typhoon."

George: "All flowers lose their petals eventually. But that means we can admire them even more when they're in bloom."

Battler: "That's right. ...Maria, burn this image into your eyes. At this moment, they're the best roses of the year."

Maria: "Uu-. Burned into eyes."

Right then, Maria suddenly clapped her hands. It looked like she'd remembered something.

Maria: "...My rose... The typhoon will send it flying. ...Uu-!"

Battler: "Oh, you mean that sad-looking rose George-aniki marked with a ribbon?"

Maria apparently remembered where the rose was.

She ran at full speed. The rest of us followed her.

Maria: "...Uu-? Uu-."

Jessica: "Where was that again...? I'm sure it was somewhere around here." We searched everywhere around that area, but it was only a single flower among all of these roses, after all. Even though we knew it was somewhere close by, we weren't able to find it.

The winds making up the typhoon's front lines made roses throughout the garden undulate. It was almost like it was teasing us by making the location of Maria's rose impossible to find...

George: "Maybe it wasn't here... Let's try spreading out a bit in our search."

Battler: "Sounds good. Let's go for strength in numbers. ...Hmm? What's up, Maria?" As we made to split up and search, Maria tugged on my jacket with an unhappy face.

...You could tell that she didn't want us to leave that spot.

Battler: "What is it? What's wrong?"

Maria: "...Uu-. My rose is here. It's here...!"

Jessica: "But it's actually not, right...? Maybe it was on the other side of the flower bed. If we all look, we'll find it fast, okay?"

Maria: "Uu-!! It's here! My rose is here!! Look for it! Loooook fooor iiit!! Uuu--!!" Maria stomped her feet in irritation.

...She pointed at that spot and said it was definitely there, but in actuality, it wasn't. Even so, Maria got mad when we said we were going to search elsewhere.

...We were at a loss for what to do.

For a while, we had to stay near Maria and pretend to search through that rose thicket.

Maria: "...Uu-. Uu-...! Not here. ...Not here! Not here! Uuu--!!" Maybe she's saying that it should be here but isn't. Maria became increasingly irritated...

Battler: "...Oh man, Maria's really losing her temper."

Jessica: "Sometimes, Maria starts to really care about really pointless stuff. If she gets what she wants, that's okay, but..."

George: "You can't find something that isn't there... That's not good..."

Just when we were at a loss of what to do, Maria called out in a loud voice.

Maria: "Mama!! Uu-uu-!!" We could see Aunt Rosa in the direction Maria was waving her hand.

Maybe she wanted to look at the garden one more time before the typhoon came, or maybe she had some business at the guesthouse.

Aunt Rosa was coming from the mansion. She quickly noticed her daughter's voice and came over.

Rosa: "My, my, what happened, everyone? Are you looking for something?"

Maria: "Look for it! Mama, you look for my rose too! Uu-uu-uu-!!"

Rosa: "Your rose?"

George: "We found an unhealthy rose around here and marked it."

Battler: "We tied a candy wrapper around it. ...But Maria, if I remember correctly, it was growing right in front and really stood out, didn't it? Unless it grew legs and ran off somewhere, it must've been somewhere else. Maybe you remembered it wrong."

Maria: "Uu-!! It is here!! Iiit iiis heeere!! Battler doesn't believe! Uu-uu-!!"

Rosa: "How many times do I have to tell you to stop saying `uu-uu-' before you'll understand?! Mama will look for it, so stay quiet!!" I'd never seen Aunt Rosa be anything other than kind and gentle, so her anger surprised me a bit.

Aunt Rosa began searching as well, so we went along with her for the time being, but we were already more than sure that it wasn't around here.

...So, it didn't take long for Aunt Rosa to realize that too.

Rosa: "The rose isn't here. Did you mistake this place for somewhere else? There are so many roses around-"

Maria: "Uu-!! Uuuu---!!! That's wrong!! It is here!! Mama doesn't believe! Uu-uu-uu-!!!"

Rosa: "I already believed you and looked hard for it, didn't I?! But it isn't here!"

Maria: "Uu-uu-!! But it is here!! It is here but it isn't!! Uu-uu-uu-!!"

Rosa: "Then someone must have ripped it out! Anyway, stop saying `uu-uu'!!"

Maria: "Uu-uu-uu-!! Who ripped out my rose, who did?!?! Give it back, give it back!! Uu-uu-!! Uu-uu-uu-uu-!!!"

Rosa: "How should I know?!! Stop it, stop saying `uu-uu-'!!"

Aunt Rosa slapped Maria's left cheek with her palm.

In that instant, Maria was shocked into silence.

Of course, it was only for an instant. When Maria realized that her wish was being rejected, she started yelling even louder.

Maria: "Uu-uu-!! Uu-uu-uu-!! My rose! My rose!! Uu-uu-uu-uu-uu-uu-uu-!!!"

Rosa: "Didn't I tell you to stop that weird habit?!! That's why all the kids in your class make fun of you!! Cut it out!!"

Once again, her palm slapped Maria's cheek.

This time she didn't go silent. She choked as she started crying...and began to bawl in an increasingly loud voice...

Aunt Rosa was clearly irritated and lifted her hand once more to try and shut her daughter up...

Battler: "A-Aunt Rosa... Now, now... She's just a little kid, so there's no reason to get so serious...ihihi."

I tried to cut in with a bitter smile, rubbing my hands together, ...but Aunt Rosa glared at me with a serious face, and I realized that I should've stayed out of this.

Rosa: "I'm sorry, but could the rest of you go back to your room for a bit? I need to have a little talk with Maria."

Maria: "Uu-uu-uu-!! Nobody believes in my rose!! Even though it was here!! Uu-uu-!! Look for it!! Looook fooor iiit!! Here, it was here!! Uu-uu-uu-uu-!!!"

Rosa: "But it's not here!! So you must've confused this place for somewhere else, right?!"

Maria: "Uu-uu-uu-uu-!! It is here!! It's definitely here!! Uu-uu-uu-!!"

Rosa: "Then it disappeared!! Give it up!!"

Maria: "Why?! Why did it disappear? Why, why?! Uu-uu-uu-!!!"

Rosa: "I don't know that!! So stop saying `uu-uu-'!!"

Aunt Rosa once again raised her hand, overcome by emotion, and slapped Maria's cheek. It was strong enough to knock Maria over.

Battler: "H-Hey, Aunt Rosa, even if she is your daughter, violence isn't the answer..." I stepped between them to protect Maria, who was still on the ground, crying `uu-uu-'.

...I knew that, as an outsider, problems between parent and child were none of my business. But I wasn't brought up to just silently observe something like this...

Rosa: "Don't you think it's weird, Battler-kun? Are there any girls at your school who mutter `uu-uu-'?"

Battler: "Well, I am in high school... But for an elementary schooler, I think saying `uu-uu-' is pretty cute..."

Rosa: "Cute? Saying `uu-uu-' is cute? Cute?!"

My careless words seemed to have earned me Aunt Rosa's wrath. She grabbed my collar with a terrifying expression...

Rosa: "Don't say such nonsense!! Do you know how old Maria is? She's nine! She's a fourth grader! Not a kindergartener! But she still makes that sound during class!! Don't you get it?! Do you know what they say about this kid when they bully her?! Thanks to this weird habit, she still hasn't made a single friend! Don't turn your eyes from reality and carelessly call Maria cute!! Think more seriously about this kid's future!!!"

Maria: "Uu-uu-uu-uu-uu-!!! Uu-uu-uu-uu-uu-uu-!!!"

Rosa: "I told you, stop making that sound!!! Didn't I tell you to stop it?!!" Aunt Rosa struck Maria's quivering head, from which an increasingly unhappy voice was rising.

I tried to stop it, but Aunt Rosa pushed me away... My back hit George-aniki.

George: "...A long time ago, Aunt Rosa also thought of it as nothing more than one of Maria-chan's baby words, ...but now that it hasn't been fixed even midway through elementary school, she's been worrying about it a lot..."

Battler: "How she talks isn't really that big of a deal, right...?"

George: "She'll never make it as an adult if she's like that. ...So, even though it isn't fun to watch, ...this is a problem between parent and child."

Jessica: "...Well, even I get chewed out by Mom all the time 'cause of how I talk."

When they put it that way, maybe even a scene as painful as this isn't something an outsider like me should butt in on...

George: "Battler-kun, when you were a kid, didn't you have any bad habits that you couldn't fix and that got you into trouble?"

Battler: "...Well, one or two. On Parent's Day once, I kept getting yelled at in front of everyone, and it was embarrassing as all hell."

George: "Well then, you can understand how the two of them must feel right now. ...I'm sure they don't want us to be here now. ...You understand too, don't you, Jessica-chan?"

Jessica: "...I don't think anyone likes to be seen when they're being scolded."

George: "Let's go. We'll return to the guesthouse. Then, after Maria-chan comes back, let's welcome her as if nothing happened. That's probably for the best, isn't it?"

We thought George-aniki's point was probably a reasonable one, and we may have been eager to use that reasonable-sounding argument as a justification to retreat from this heart-rending scene.

Jessica and I nodded at George-aniki, and we all left.

We called towards Maria, telling her that we were going to head to the guesthouse, but she didn't seem to hear, and we felt sort of guilty and shameless after saying it...

Rosa: "In that case, look by yourself as much as you want! Mama doesn't care!!"

Maria: "Uu-!!! I'll look for it! I'll look for it by myself!! Even if Mama doesn't care! Uu-uu-uu-uu-uu-!!"

Rosa: "Have it your way!!" After blasting her with those last few words, Rosa spun on her heels and quickly returned to the mansion.

Maria probably viewed that as a cold gesture meant to injure. But that wasn't Rosa's intention.

...It was because the hand with which she had so emotionally struck Maria's cheek...was still numb.

...It was because, if she stayed there screaming, she might again be taken over by her emotions and continue slapping her daughter's cheek over and over.

After Rosa left, Maria was left alone in the rose garden. The wind began to blow stronger and stronger, and every once in a while, a raindrop would fall on her forehead.

...However, Maria couldn't leave that place.

Not until she found that poor, wilting rose.

It had definitely been there.

...Even so, it wasn't.

Even though she knew the place and even though it had been there, it wasn't. Maria bitterly stared at the place it was supposed to be and thought frantically.

Maybe the angle I'm looking from is wrong. Maybe the height I'm looking from is wrong.

...While gazing at a single point, Maria repeatedly stood up, changed her position and continued to stare.

The wind was getting stronger and stronger...

But Maria kept on looking for that rose in front of the flower bed...

...Kinzo noticed the sound of the raindrops beating on the window. It seemed to be pouring down thickly. It had begun to rain later than the weather report had predicted.

Kinzo approached the window as if being summoned by the sound of the rain.

The sound of rain is a sound of silence.

That sound feels quieter than any silence... and makes humans remember that, in the end, they are alone from the moment they're born to the moment they die.

Kinzo: "...You're late, Beatrice."

Were those words directed at the rainy sky...? There was no one to be seen in the direction of Kinzo's gaze.

Kinzo: "...Well then, let us begin. Let us begin our banquet of miracles. ...This island has now been cut off from the world. Now there are none who can interrupt my ceremony. There are many fitting sacrifices for you. Four of my children. Three of their companions. Four of my grandchildren. Me and my guests and my servants! You may devour as many as you please. The key of fate will select the sacrifices in accordance with the Demons' Roulette. If that roulette chooses me, even I will become your sacrifice. ...However, because of that, ...because I will bet on such madness, ...I will most assuredly bring forth a grand miracle."

Kinzo: "...Come, devour to your heart's content...!! I will achieve victory over that roulette. Yes, I'll put everything on the line. First, I'll return the inheritance of the Ushiromiya family. Accept it!!"

Kinzo tore the window open, ripped a golden ring off his finger, and forcefully threw it away.

...At that time, the sound of thunder rang out, giving the illusion that the lightning had accepted the ring.

Kinzo: "And, ...when you are resurrected, surely I will be the one who stands witness. I will survive until the end and watch over you as you awaken. ...So come, Beatrice... Welcome to my banquet...! In exchange for all that I have created, show me another miracle just this once. ...Oooooohh, ...Beatriceeeeeee..."

# Chapter 7
# label: *umi1_7
# Evening at the mansion. Eyecatch: October 4 (Sat) 20:00 → 22:00.

A news ticker popped up on top of the TV program we were watching. The disaster report told how municipalities all over were continually sending out rain, flood, and wave warnings.

Of course, the raindrops beating harshly on the window were even more convincing.

Battler: "...This rain's incredible. Still, when it's raining this hard, it also feels like it might stop at any moment."

Jessica: "You wish! They said the typhoon's moving slow, so it might be like this all day tomorrow. And even a little bad weather stops the boats from coming."

George: "It looks like we won't be able to head out on Sunday after all. ...Just in case, I cleared all outside business from my Monday schedule, and I'm glad I did."

Battler: "Which means...ihihi, looks like we'll get to skip school Monday. Living on an island's starting to sound pretty good! ...Come to think of it, Jessica, you've gotta take a boat to school every day, don't you? What do you do when the boats stop running? Do you stay home when it rains and show up late when the wind's blowing, like King Kamehameha?"

Jessica: "If the boats don't come, I stay home. Still, it's not as good as it sounds. Usually, I'm ordered to study by myself, and it's not that fun with someone standing right behind you watching everything you do."

Battler: "During the rainy season, does the weather ever stay bad for a long time and make you miss a bunch of days in a row?"

Jessica: "That does happen sometimes. Still, I'd get a call from my homeroom teacher every single day, who'd sourly guide me on how I should teach myself and what I had to turn in."

George: "She can't skip school as easily as you're imagining, Battler-kun. She's got to follow the rules for people that travel to school by boat and get a good amount of studying done."

Jessica: "It'd actually be easier to just go to school. In my own room, I get distracted and can't concentrate. After being made to do nothing but workbooks for several days straight, it's pretty hard to handle all that mental stress. ...When I get into college, I really just wanna go to some dorm and quickly say goodbye to this inconvenient island."

Battler: "Ah, okay... By the way, what do you do when the weather's good in the morning, but then gets so bad on your way home that the boats are closed? Do you spend the night at school?"

Jessica: "That actually happens a lot. Because of that, they've built some lodgings there for people who can't get back to the island they live on. That's where you'd spend the night. Sometimes, when it gets really bad, you can't get back home for a few days at a time."

George: "Someone commuting to school or work on a train packed to twice its capacity might carelessly think that commuting by boat would be pretty interesting and fun, but it sounds like it comes with troubles of its own."

Jessica: "You hear thoughtless tourists saying stuff like that all the time. I've had enough of island life. I really wanna just graduate high school and say goodbye to this island."

Battler: "But there are all-dorm schools even for high school, right? Why'd you choose that Niijima school, of all places?"

Jessica: "I've wanted to go to one of those from the beginning!! But Mom's always going on about how I need to learn manners and discipline as the Successor. ...So, I ended up sticking close to home even for high school. Man, I hate this island. I just wanna go live in a city. I don't care if rain or even spears fall from the sky, as long as I can move to a city where I can wear casual clothes and sandals... and can get to a convenience store in less than five minutes..."

George: "Hahaha. Hold out just a little longer. Just a bit more and you'll graduate high school, right?"

Jessica: "I can't wait a little longer. Aaaaaah..."

Jessica stretched out and reclined in the sofa.

Maybe it was a bad time slot, because there weren't any interesting programs on, and we had nothing to do but languidly kill time until we were called for dinner.

After that episode, Maria never returned to the cousins' room after all.

Aunt Rosa probably took her back to the mansion.

It had to be pretty boring for Maria, all by herself while the adults had a confusing conversation.

...We thought we might as well head over to the mansion to see her, but the weather really was awful... and since there wasn't much time until dinner, we stayed where we were.

At that time, we heard the sound of a humble knock. Jessica answered.

Jessica: "Ye-s!"

Kanon: "...The preparations for dinner are complete. Please come to the mansion."

It was Kanon-kun's voice. Did he go to all the trouble of coming from the mansion in this rain just to get us? Couldn't he have just called us on the telephone?

...Well, I guess servants at work don't always get to take the most efficient route.

George: "Just when I was getting hungry. Let's go." George-aniki turned off the television and stood up.

Battler: "My stomach's been growling for a while! I've always been a huge fan of the main family's dinners! And didn't Gohda-san say it was calf steak or something? Oohh, I can't wait!!"

Jessica: "Our dinners are always even more fabulous than usual when the family conference comes around. Even I'm looking forward to it! Let's go, let's go."

As we left the room, Kanon-kun bowed silently and respectfully.

Jessica: "Okay, let's go. Is the rain pretty nasty out there?"

Kanon: "...Yes. Take care not to get your garments wet." After seeing the three of us out, Kanon-kun peered into the empty room.

Kanon: "...Wasn't Maria-sama with you...?"

Jessica: "No, she's not. Wasn't she with Aunt Rosa?"

Rosa was lying on a sofa in the empty parlor, having fallen asleep before she knew it.

...She was bearing a burden that the children couldn't even imagine. That's why she only needed to let her guard down a little...before the weariness immediately dragged her into the world of sleep.

Realizing this, Genji brought a blanket over to her. When he tried to spread it over her, her eyes snapped open as though she'd been shocked with electricity.

Rosa: "...Ah, ... ...Thank you, Genji-san." When she realized that the thing that had touched her was just a blanket, and that Genji had been considerately giving it to her, she let out a sigh of relief.

Genji: "...Did I wake you? My sincere apologies."

Rosa: "No, it's okay. I hadn't planned on sleeping in the first place. ...What time is it now?" When he was asked for the time, Genji checked a pocket watch that he took out of his chest pocket.

Genji: "...It is slightly after 6:00."

Rosa gave her head a little shake when she realized that not much time had actually passed, even though it'd felt like she'd slept for ages. ...Even though she didn't feel rested at all, the drowsiness that had enveloped her must've been pretty deep.

Rosa: "Thank you, I'll be fine without the blanket... I mustn't sleep at such a strange time. My sense of time has been completely thrown off. ...The rain... has finally started pouring down in earnest, hasn't it?" Rosa finally realized that the peaceful sound that had put her to sleep was actually the rain.

Rosa: "The wind's blowing hard too. ...I wonder if the typhoon's finally here."

Genji: "...That's what they said on TV. The typhoon is moving slowly, so they think it will be like this all day tomorrow."

Rosa: "Really...? ...So, our last chance to see that wonderful rose garden must already have passed by."

From the window, what she could see of the rose garden was completely blurred by the wind and the rain.

Rosa: "...Maria... ...That's right, what about Maria?!"

Genji: "...I have not seen her. Did she not return to the guesthouse?"

Rosa knew her daughter's nature well. So a chill ran down her spine.

Maria was stubbornly honest, ...and if she was ordered to find something that didn't exist, she would look forever and ever.

...Even in pouring rain...!!

Rosa: "...No. The cousins left before I did, so Maria was alone...! Unless someone told her to stop, she'd stay there even if it started raining spears! Without even opening an umbrella!! ...Aaah, how could I have lost control of my emotions and done such a thing?!!"

Even though she'd known about Maria's simple honesty better than anyone, she'd once again lost control of her emotions and done something terrible!!

Rosa: "Mariaaaaaaa!!" Rosa pushed Genji away and ran down the hall.

The outside really looked like a typhoon, and the rain was pouring down spectacularly.

Maybe because of some aspect of the terrain, the winds weren't typhoon-class, so an umbrella wouldn't be torn out of one's hands.

Even so, it certainly was a windy rain. There was no time to admire the roses being drenched.

Battler: "Anyway, I'm getting pretty worried about Maria. ...You don't think she's still rebelliously searching for that rose alone, do you?"

George: "...I wonder. Surely she wouldn't do it in this rain... or at least, I wish I could believe that, but Maria-chan sometimes gets really stubborn and intensely straightforward."

We hadn't worried much, thinking that Aunt Rosa had taken her back to the mansion.

...However, when Kanon-kun had come from the mansion to call us and thought Maria was here, we got a little worried.

Kanon: "...I did not see her in the mansion, so I was sure she was here. After all, Rosa-sama was taking a nap..."

Jessica: "You didn't see her on your way over here?"

Kanon: "...My apologies. I opened my umbrella and ran as fast as I could, so I did not pay much attention."

If he had cut through the rose garden, taking the shortest line between the mansion and the guesthouse, then he would've just barely missed the place where Maria had been looking for her rose.

And it was raining this hard, too. It certainly would've been possible for Kanon-kun to fail to notice her.

Battler: "Instead of arguing around here, it'd be faster to just check it out directly. ...Aniki, why don't we race over there?"

George: "Oh, do you think you can beat me now that you've been growing for six years? Okay, let's settle this. ...Go!!"

George-aniki and I flew out into the rain. Jessica and Kanon-kun followed us.

Rosa: "Mariaaa!! If you're there, answer me!! Mariaaa!!"

George: "It's Aunt Rosa. Hey, Aunt Rosa!!" When George-aniki called back, Aunt Rosa jumped at him and grabbed onto him.

Rosa: "Where's Maria?! Isn't she with you?!"

George: "No, we didn't meet with Maria-chan after that."

Rosa: "Mariaaaaa!!!"

...Six years ago, Maria was three years old. She was a cute and pure kid who'd just accept whatever anyone said.

...But six years have passed since then! She's nine now, and experiencing the ups and downs of life should've taught her something.

...But Maria, are you telling me you're still as innocent and pure as you used to be...?!

Battler: "Mariaaaaaaaaaaaa!!!" As I circled the rose bed, something white unexpectedly turned to face me.

...It was a white umbrella.

Maria was crouching down, holding a white umbrella and still searching for that rose...

Maria: "...Uu-." Her face, which had turned bright red from her crying her eyes out, was dirtied with water and mud. It was a truly pitiful sight.

Battler: "Maria, ...are you still looking?!"

Maria: "...Uu-... Can't find it... Can't find... ...my rose... ...Uu-..."

Maria had probably been here since the rain started pouring down. Her shoulders were freezing.

She looked tired to the bone, but fortunately, since she was holding an umbrella, she wasn't completely soaked.

...The umbrella probably came from the handbag Maria always carried around. ...Thank goodness. Seriously, thank goodness.

George: "Battler-kun! Thank goodness, you found her!"

Rosa: "Mariaaaaaaaaa!! I'm sorry, I'm so sorry...!!" Aunt Rosa threw her umbrella aside and hugged Maria.

Maria: "...Uu-... It's not here. ...My rose isn't here... ...Uu-..."

Rosa: "I'll look for it with you later... Okay? So just put it on hold for today. ...Okay?"

Maria: "...Uu-... Put it on hold for today..."

It looked like Maria still wasn't able to accept it, but she no longer had enough energy left to resist.

Jessica and Kanon-kun caught up with us.

Kanon: "...I'll have a towel ready in the mansion immediately."

Jessica: "Maria, ...were you here this whole time...?"

Rosa: "I'm sorry... I'm sorry for being such a bad mother..."

George: "...Aunt Rosa, why don't we head back to the mansion for the time being? If we stay here, Maria will catch a cold."

Rosa: "...You're right. Maria, let's go. If we don't get you cleaned up, Grandfather will be mad."

Maria: "Uu-... Hungry."

Jessica: "It's already time to eat. You did a good job holding out, Maria. Once the weather gets better, we'll all go search together."

We couldn't stay in the rain forever. We took Maria with us as we headed back to the mansion.

Maria apparently wasn't as worn out as I'd thought.

When she remembered we were having calf steak for dinner, she started chanting "I'm hungry, I'm hungry, uu-uu-!", and returned to her usual spirited self.

...Aunt Rosa didn't chide Maria for saying `uu-uu-'.

Jessica: "I see. So she had an umbrella on her. Maria sure is good at packing the right stuff."

Maria: "...Uu-. I didn't bring an umbrella. Uu-."

Battler: "What? Then how did you get that white umbrella you're holding?"

Maria: "Uu-! I borrowed it!"

Some caring person must have brought her an umbrella. A normal kid would look for shelter once it started raining, but Maria was too stubborn to give up so easily.

...So, maybe that caring person gave up on telling Maria to find shelter, then decided to at least give her an umbrella.

Rosa: "I see. I'll have to thank that person. Who was it?"

Maria: "Uu-! Beatrice!"

The name Maria cheerfully mentioned...was that of the island's witch.

Rosa took a deep breath and asked again, trying to do so in a way that wouldn't damage Maria's good mood.

Rosa: "Really? That's wonderful. So, who was it? Who brought you that umbrella?"

Maria: "Uu-. Beat- ri-ce-! Uu-uu-!"

Maria immediately realized that her mother didn't believe her and started crying out unhappily again.

So Rosa stopped pursuing the subject. It'd probably be faster to ask whoever lent Maria the umbrella during dinner, rather than ask Maria herself...

Krauss: "Father, please at least join us for dinner. It won't be a family conference otherwise." Along with a dull pounding on the door, the sound of Krauss's entreaty could be heard. However, that voice seemed to be resigned to the fact that nothing it said would be heard.

Nanjo: "...Kinzo-san, won't you at least come out for dinner? All your children have gathered here to see your face, haven't they?"

Kinzo: "Silence, Nanjo. ...So, the bishop won't work. ...One move too short..."

Apparently, Kinzo was completely focused on the final battle of his long-lasting chess match with Nanjo. Kinzo's brow was wrinkled as he continued to glare at the game board through his spectacles. Krauss's voice didn't reach his ears.

Nanjo: "...Kinzo-san, I'm hungry myself. Why don't we go down and eat?"

Kinzo: "Go by yourself if that's what you want. Let me consider this next move for a little longer. ...We are going to finish it tonight. ...Otherwise, it's doubtful we'll finish before the world ends."

Nanjo rose from his seat, hoping this would prompt Kinzo do the same, but Kinzo's eyes never left the chessboard.

He knew well that Kinzo always displayed a blind concentration when it came to chess, but he'd never seen Kinzo concentrate as hard as this.

...It was almost as though Kinzo was telling the truth, and there would never be another chance for them to continue their contest if they didn't finish tonight...

It seemed that, no matter how obstinately he called out to Kinzo, it wouldn't reach the latter's heart. Nanjo gave up and headed to the door that Krauss was still banging on...

The door to the study opened.

Krauss was taken aback, thinking that maybe Kinzo was actually coming out. However, Nanjo was the one who appeared, and Krauss let out a sigh of relief.

Krauss: "...Doctor Nanjo, is Father..."

Nanjo: "...I'm sorry I couldn't be of service... ...Right now, this room is Kinzo-san's whole world."

Nanjo shook his head with a completely defeated expression. Krauss raised his fist once more and banged on the door, shouting.

Krauss: "...Father, can you hear me?! We're heading down now, but please join us any time you feel like it. All of your children are waiting for you...!"

His voice was very loud, and he was making a racket pounding on the door. There was no way it wouldn't reach Kinzo's ears.

...Well, it certainly was reaching him. But he ignored it anyway.

However, unlike the time he'd been called down for lunch, he didn't fly into a rage. ...By now, Kinzo was calm at heart, ...almost as though he had taken on a philosophical view and turned himself over to fate.

Kinzo: "Neither dinner nor the faces of my children interest me in the slightest. ...I will only leave here if Beatrice is resurrected, or if I am chosen as a sacrifice for the key. The Demons' Roulette has already started spinning. What meaning does dinner have at this point...?"

As though the painfully loud banging on the door completely failed to enter his hearing... ...Kinzo silently thought about his next chess move, still in his philosophical state...

Just as always, Kinzo's figure couldn't be seen anywhere in the dining hall. Krauss, wearing a bitter smile, returned with Nanjo.

Krauss: "Father says he still is not feeling well. He truly regrets missing this once-a-year opportunity to sit together with his gathered family."

Eva and Rudolf sniggered.

Given Kinzo's personality, there was no way he'd show signs of regret, ...and none of his relatives showed any regret at his absence.

Krauss: "Then why don't we start dinner? Gohda, begin."

Gohda: "Certainly. Well then, if you will allow me..."

When Gohda was told to start the family conference dinner, his biggest time to shine of the whole year, he nodded with a broad grin.

Rosa: "...Umm, may I ask who lent Maria an umbrella?" When Rosa timidly cut through the silence of the dining hall, everyone noticed.

Eva: "...An umbrella? What's this about?"

Rosa: "Umm, ...a short while back, Maria was in the rose garden when it started raining, and she apparently borrowed a white umbrella from someone. I wanted to thank them..."

Rudolf: "It wasn't one of us. After you left, we moved to a different room and had a `friendly' chat that whole time."

Hideyoshi: "Haha, ...that's right. Even after that, the siblings had a real friendly chat."

The word `friendly' fell awkwardly from Hideyoshi's lips, so even those who hadn't been present could tell the conversation hadn't been a pleasant one.

Krauss: "At the very least, it couldn't have been me, Eva, Rudolf, Hideyoshi-san or Kyrie-san."

Kyrie: "We were together the whole time, even after Natsuhi nee-san and Rosa-san left. The whole time until the meal started."

Eva: "Nii-san went up to the study with Genji-san to call Father. At that time, the rest of us went straight to the dining hall. So it wasn't one of us. ...Couldn't it have been a servant kind enough to lend an umbrella?"

Rosa: "So, was it you, Gohda-san?"

Gohda: "...I have been in the kitchen the whole time preparing. My sincere apologies..."

Gohda looked slightly disappointed about missing this chance to show off.

At that time, Shannon and Kumasawa appeared, pushing a serving cart loaded with hors d'oeuvres.

Rosa: "Then what about Kumasawa-san or Shannon-chan?"

Shannon: "...Yes? H-Has something gone wrong...?" Because Shannon had come in partway, she shrank back, mistakenly thinking that the others were searching for the one responsible for some error.

George: "It isn't like that. It started to rain when Maria-chan was alone in the rose garden. After that, someone lent her an umbrella. Aunt Rosa said she wanted to thank that person."

Maria: "...Uu-. ...Beatrice..." Maria, her mouth a thin line, said the witch's name in a small voice.

Aunt Rosa explained the situation one more time. As she did, Kumasawa-san cackled.

Kumasawa: "Hohohoh. It wasn't us. Shannon-san and I were preparing the rooms together, so we did not go outside."

Shannon: "...Yes. ...I'm sorry I wasn't able to be of assistance..."

Krauss: "Preparing the rooms? ...What do you mean by that?"

Natsuhi: "...Because of the rain, we thought it would be troublesome for all of the guests to return to the guesthouse, so the servants were ordered to prepare the guest rooms inside the mansion."

Eva: "...Really? How thoughtful. Yes, it certainly would be rude to chase us outside in this rain."

Hideyoshi: "Could you give it a rest..."

Shannon: "Yes. After receiving the order from Madam, ...Kumasawa-san, Kanon-kun and I started preparing the rooms. ...Then it became time for dinner, so Genji-sama ordered Kanon-kun to go to the guesthouse and summon the children."

Kumasawa: "Yes. So, did Kanon-san find Maria on the way to the guesthouse and hand her the umbrella?"

Maria: "...Uu-. Wroooong!!"

The person who had actually received the umbrella denied it. Rosa was troubled.

All she wanted to do was give a word of thanks to the person who had lent the umbrella, but she couldn't find them. And she'd thought asking like this with everyone gathered for dinner would work immediately...

Rosa: "...Then, was it you, Natsuhi nee-san?"

Natsuhi: "I'm sorry. After everyone's `friendly' chat, my headache was so bad that I have been resting in my room. Therefore, I did not go outside."

Rosa: "...Then who was it? George-kun and the kids? ...That can't be right."

George: "No, it wasn't us. We were watching television in the guesthouse the whole time."

Jessica: "Actually, we thought Maria had just gone back to the mansion with you..."

Battler: "Then Kanon-kun came, and he asked whether Maria was with us. That's when we first realized she wasn't in the mansion. I mean, if it were me, I'd have grabbed her hand and pulled her under a roof before giving her an umbrella."

Rosa was completely baffled. One by one, the relatives and the servants denied that they had done it. ...Even though it really wasn't something anyone would need to hide.

So, by process of elimination, the number of remaining candidates wasn't large.

Nanjo: "Of course, it wasn't me. Right after it began raining, I visited Kinzo-san's room, and I was playing chess with him until just now."

Kyrie: "...Which means that it also wasn't Grandfather."

Battler: "Wait a sec... Isn't this starting to get a bit weird? Who's left?"

Rosa: "Then, ...who was it? ...Genji-san? Huh? Um, wait a second, don't get me wrong. It's not like I'm searching for some culprit or anything. All I want to do is, as a mother, thank the person who gave Maria an umbrella in the middle of the rain...!"

...Giving an umbrella to a girl loitering in the rain was something to be praised, not hidden.

...Despite that, no one raised their hand.

...Why not?

Everyone started whispering about how strange this was getting...

Rudolf: "...Calm down, Rosa. Why don't we just ask the person who was lent the umbrella?"

That's what everyone had been thinking since the beginning. They were all scratching their heads at why she didn't just ask Maria, who had been given the umbrella.

However, Rosa bit her lower lip. After all, she already knew how Maria would answer if asked.

Hideyoshi: "Of course! Rudolf-kun here's got it right. Maria-chan, tell your uncle! Who lent you the umbrella?"

Maria: "Beatrice!"

The dining hall was wrapped in silence for an instant, but it was soon interrupted by a burst of laughter.

Krauss: "Hahaha. I see, so Beatrice, the witch of the forest, felt pity and lent her an umbrella. What a lovely story. Rosa, there you have it."

Rosa: "...Nng, ...nnnggg."

Rosa couldn't believe it. ...Even though she just wanted to say thanks for the umbrella, why did everything have to be so clouded in smoke...?

Maria: "Uu-! Just like Uncle Krauss said. Beatrice let me borrow it! Uu-uu-!"

Krauss: "Hahaha... Isn't that wonderful? We should all be jealous of such purity. What do you think, everyone? Hahaha..."

Krauss was laughing with a face that was clearly mocking, but Maria was overjoyed, apparently convinced that her claim was being believed.

Jessica: "...How did that work? Does that mean a witch really appeared and lent her an umbrella?" Jessica asked me in a small voice that wouldn't carry over to Maria, who was sitting across from me.

Battler: "Has Maria ever been the type to make jokes?"

If we'd heard that kind of story pop out of my old bastard's mouth, we would've just taken it as another joke.

...However, it was hard to explain it away like that when Maria said it. This was getting pretty unnerving...

Jessica: "No way. She's always been frank and serious. She's the sort who'd believe any joke, even ones normal people could instantly tell were lies. I've never even heard of her cracking a joke."

Aunt Rosa probably knew that better than anyone. It appeared that because of this weird situation, she had no idea what was going on anymore.

Battler: "So, if Maria says she borrowed an umbrella from Beatrice, that must mean it really was Beatrice?"

Jessica: "...We're talking about Maria here, so I can't think of it as some kind of metaphor or joke. ...It might be best to take what she says at face value."

Battler: "Then what's going on? Are you saying Genji-san or someone put on that fancy dress from the portrait and gave Maria the umbrella?"

Jessica: "...I'm not sure about that... Actually, that's what I want to know."

Jessica shrugged jokingly, but her expression didn't completely match her attitude.

Once the hors d'oeuvres were set out and Gohda showed off his vast store of knowledge, the meal began.

A couple casual chats broke out here and there, but they seemed somehow distant, and the meal ended up being so quiet that you couldn't ignore the sound of the rain sneaking into the dining hall.

Kumasawa and Shannon, pushing the serving cart, ran into Genji and Kanon on their way to the kitchen.

Kumasawa: "...Oh, it's Genji-san. Did you lend Maria-san an umbrella?"

Genji: "...An umbrella? What are you talking about?"

Shannon: "Well, ...I heard that when it started raining, Maria-sama was alone in the rose garden. ...It seems she borrowed an umbrella from someone there, but we don't know who it was."

Kanon: "It wasn't me. After all, I actually thought Maria-sama was in the guesthouse. When Battler-sama first found her, she was already holding a white umbrella."

Genji: "My apologies, but it was not me either..."

Shannon: "...Then, could it actually be... ...the Master?"

Both in the dining hall and right here, everyone had stated that they hadn't done it.

...That left only Kinzo, but...

Kumasawa: "Maybe he went walking down the corridor for some reason...when he just happened to see Maria-sama in the rose garden without even an umbrella..."

Genji: "...The Master... is not particularly fond of Maria-sama."

Kanon: "I agree. ...I can't imagine that, for Maria-sama's sake, he'd go to all of the trouble of descending the stairs with an umbrella."

Kumasawa: "Oh my, ...how troublesome. Does that mean the one who lent Maria-sama an umbrella really was Beatrice-sama? Hohohohoh..."

Kumasawa laughed, just like the relatives in the dining hall who had laughed it off. ...She couldn't think of any other way to break through the smoke veiling the current situation.

Just then, the crisp sound of hands clapping twice rang through the hallway. They all turned around at once to see Gohda coming out of the dining hall.

Gohda: "Okay, everyone. When serving a dinner, proper timing while setting the table is essential. Please immediately see to setting out the soup. Genji-san, the women are in the middle of an important job, so please don't get in their way."

Kanon: "..."

Kanon glared at Gohda for being rude to Genji, a person Kanon respected.

Genji, realizing this, patted Kanon once on the shoulder as a warning. Kanon reluctantly turned away and returned his expression to normal.

Genji: "...Obey Gohda's instructions. Hurry and prepare the dinner table."

Gohda: "Come now, there's no time. Don't dawdle! Hurry...!" Gohda grabbed the serving cart from Shannon and steadily pushed it towards the kitchen.

Kumasawa: "...Then please allow us to return to the kitchen. ...After all, Gohda-san's temper is very short, ...hohohoh."

Shannon: "P-Please excuse me as well..."

Kumasawa and Shannon left. Only Genji and Kanon remained. Through the window, the darkness of the rainy night could be seen, along with the occasional thunderbolt.

Kanon: "...Genji-sama, did Beatrice-sama... ...really return?"

Genji: "...I don't know."

Kanon: "...Shall I inform the Master?"

Genji: "That is not necessary. ...If she truly has returned, she will eventually appear before the Master of her own accord. ...Furthermore, she is a fickle person. It would be pointless to report to the Master only to find that she does not appear..."

Kanon: "...I wonder if this means the Master's ceremony has already begun."

Genji: "...Probably. However, that has nothing to do with furniture like us. ...We must continue to return the favor we received from the Master...until our final moments."

Kanon: "...Yes. ...That is furniture's... ...duty."

The thunder crashed once more. Except for those instants when lightning lit up the sky, nothing could be seen out the window but the darkness of night.

Just as humans rule when the sun is up, those that are not human rule when the sun is down.

The darkness of night that now surrounded Rokkenjima was ruled by another Master, not the Ushiromiya family.

Did this Master take pity on Maria when she was alone and being pummeled by the rain in the rose garden, lending her an umbrella...?

Kanon looked at the rose garden's lights, dimly visible beyond the window. The dim lights weren't enough to illuminate the surrounding area.

Looking at those lights felt like making eye contact with the witch, and Kanon forced himself to avert his gaze.

...If he didn't, it felt like his eyes would be absorbed by that light...

Can the weather change how people act? You often hear stories about how things like atmospheric pressure can influence people's moods and physical health.

For some time now, everyone had been struggling to clear the gloomy atmosphere, but any conversation was quickly cut off, and in the end, the dining hall was simply filled by the sound of the rain.

Dessert was some kind of chocolate cake accompanied by pear sherbet. Gohda-san enthusiastically explained the recipe as soon as this final dish was presented, but I quickly forgot the details.

The guest of honor, Grandfather, was absent, the weather was horrible, and the identity of the one who'd lent Maria an umbrella remained a mystery.

When dinner ended, no one felt even one bit refreshed.

...It was too late now, but I realized painfully that taste wasn't the only important part of a meal. The whole atmosphere was also critical.

Gohda-san, the supposed conductor of this musical piece called dinner, did his best to enliven the place, dropping little jokes left and right, but apparently not one of them succeeded.

After taking orders for after-dinner coffee, tea, and orange juice, he left for the kitchen. As soon as he disappeared, Uncle Krauss spoke.

Krauss: "...My, my. What a waste that the dinner Gohda worked so hard to create has met with such a gloomy atmosphere."

Eva: "...Yes, absolutely. It just feels like nothing would taste good today."

Krauss: "Hoh. I'd like to know why you feel that way. Later on, I'll do all I can as your older brother to help cheer you up."

Aunt Eva grimaced slightly. ...I'd already heard she wasn't on good terms with Uncle Krauss, but it was pretty clear now. When I looked around, I noticed that my father and Aunt Rosa were also grimacing.

Apparently, there was something besides the weather troubling all of them...

Battler: "...Both Aunt Eva and my Dad... aren't looking too happy."

Natsuhi: "Really? I don't think so."

I asked Aunt Natsuhi, who was sitting on my right, ...but she seemed to be in a bad mood as well. She snapped back as if to say she was absolutely not interested.

Hideyoshi: "Well, our adult conversation got a little complicated. It isn't somethin' kids like you need to worry about, Battler-kun. Hahaha, isn't that right, Natsuhi-san, Kyrie-san?"

Uncle Hideyoshi laughed as he spoke, but without his usual brightness, so I could vaguely imagine just how complicated their adult conversation had become.

On top of that, even Aunt Natsuhi and Kyrie-san, the people he had directed his comment to, ignored him as though they hadn't heard anything.

...I didn't know what kind of conversation they'd been having while us kids were away, but it reminded me of how Dad said he had stomach cramps when we arrived at the mansion.

The family conference might've been a playful reunion to us kids, but it was definitely different for the adults...

After Uncle Hideyoshi's comment was ignored by the other adults and an awkward silence fell over the room, Kyrie-san spoke up.

Kyrie: "...We were talking about how the kids' careers would turn out. Such as what lies in your future, Battler-kun. Will you just drift on to college? Wouldn't that be a little disheartening as a starting line for the long race of life?"

Battler: "Hey! Wait a sec... Kyrie-san, if you start talking about something like that in the middle of a meal, it won't digest well and we'll all end up getting constipated."

Hideyoshi: "Wahahaha...! That's right, that's right! We were talking about Battler-kun's and Jessica-chan's careers! You've gotta think seriously about the future! Wahahaha..."

Hideyoshi heartily agreed as if they really had been talking about that, but that was probably wrong.

Kyrie-san had been obviously trying to change the subject. However, if Kyrie-san had determined that this was the best course of action for now, then she was probably right.

Taking this into account, I cast aside my suspicions as to the cause behind Aunt Eva and Dad's bad moods...

At long last, the serving cart returned, filled with coffee and tea.

Kumasawa-san and Shannon-chan served it to everyone. Gohda-san then explained that this concluded tonight's meal.

If only the mood had been a bit more cheery, it might've been the best dinner in my life. It was a shame this best of dinners couldn't have been had under the best conditions.

Maria: "Uu-! George onii-chan, is dinner over now? Over?"

George: "Yes. With this, dinner is finished."

Rosa: "Don't be rude. Stay in your seat, and calmly drink up."

Maria: "...Uu-."

Maria looked like she was really excited by the occasionally crashing thunder. Maybe she wanted to quickly finish eating and run over to the window. She had been fidgeting for a while, waiting for the meal to end.

...Some people are afraid of thunder, while others find it interesting, and Maria was apparently one of the latter sort.

Therefore, when she heard from George-aniki that dinner was over, a huge smile broke across her face.

She then rose from her seat, took out her handbag--which she'd set under her seat, never having left it even while she was eating--and began fishing around inside of it. No one seemed particularly concerned by this behavior...

George: "...What's... that? Where did you get it?" George was the first to notice it. As he spoke, Battler noticed too.

They saw that Maria was now holding a beautiful, Western-style envelope.

On the front of the envelope, the Ushiromiya family crest--the One-Winged Eagle--was done in gold leaf.

Furthermore, the fact that it was sealed with dark-red wax made it clear that this wasn't something Maria could have brought as a prank.

Natsuhi: "...Maria-chan, what is that?" It seemed that Natsuhi had also noticed the strangeness of the envelope Maria was holding. Her voice sounded too serious for someone admonishing a small child, so the relatives around us finally noticed too.

Rudolf: "What happened, Natsuhi nee-san?"

Eva: "...What... is that?"

Rosa: "Maria, ...where did you pick that up...?"

Nanjo: "That envelope has... Kinzo-san's..."

When Nanjo muttered that, even us kids could understand why everyone seemed to be frozen solid.

The envelope that Maria held was one of the Ushiromiya Family Head's custom-made envelopes for private use.

...In other words, it could only mean one thing. This envelope contained a message from Kinzo.

Krauss: "Hoh... ...What is an envelope like that doing here...?"

Rudolf: "...N-Now that's an interesting thing to come jumping out at us."

Hideyoshi: "...J-Just let me have a peek...!"

Maria: "Uu-!! No way, I'll read it! I was told to read it to everyone!!" Uncle Hideyoshi tried to snatch the envelope out from Maria's hands, but she protected it as though hugging it and didn't let go.

Kyrie: "Hideyoshi-san, you can't use force against a child. ...Maria-chan, where did you get this envelope?"

Maria: "Uu-! I got it from Beatrice when she gave me the umbrella. She told me to read it to everyone after the meal was over! I'm the witch's <Me- Me- Messenger>! Uu-!"

Battler: "<Messenger>...? Ihihihi, the almighty witch of the island sure likes to mess around." Battler tried to joke about it, but no one laughed.

Eva: "...I-I wonder what's written inside of it. Maria-chan...?"

Maria: "Uu-. Gonna read it! Uu-!"

Maria casually opened the envelope.

...It was sealed only with wax, so she just had to remove the sealing wax to open it.

...That sealing wax fell onto the desk. Hideyoshi hastily picked it up and stared fixedly at it.

He then set it in the center of the table, where Natsuhi, Kyrie, and Nanjo stared at it.

Imprinted in the sealing wax...was the One-Winged Eagle, which was the Ushiromiya family crest and also Kinzo's personal crest.

Natsuhi: "...This...is the Family Head's personal crest..."

Nanjo: "...I know it from the letters I have received from Kinzo-san before. Without a doubt, this is his wax seal."

Kyrie: "But aren't there several things in this mansion bearing that crest? For example, if there was some kind of stamp for wax seals, couldn't someone other than Kinzo-san have used it?"

Nanjo: "No, Kinzo-san would always use a ring on his finger, his Proof of the Ushiromiya Family Headship, when he sealed the wax. This shape and complex design is definitely Kinzo-san's seal..."

Krauss: "That is not necessarily so. Anyone in the family must have received a letter from Father at least once. We can't eliminate the possibility that someone used that wax as a model to create a fake seal and pass themselves off as Father."

Rudolf: "I agree with Aniki. No matter how much the seal resembles Dad's, we can't prove that it's the real thing. So it doesn't prove this envelope came from him."

Eva: "I absolutely agree. I cannot approve of arbitrarily deciding that this letter came from Father...based solely on the wax seal. Doctor Nanjo, couldn't you use a bit more discretion with your vague words...?!"

Nanjo: "...I apologize... It was not my place to speak..." One after another, all of the siblings from Krauss on downwards rejected Nanjo's statement, saying that the envelope Maria held wasn't necessarily from Kinzo.

They were afraid.

They feared from the bottom of their hearts... that Kinzo's intentions were written in there... and that it might be some announcement regarding the inheritance that would be decidedly unfavorable to them.

Rosa: "...Maria, ...the person who gave you that envelope was the same person who lent you that umbrella, right...?"

Maria: "Uu-!"

Rosa: "I don't know what `uu-' means! Is it true?!"

Maria: "Uu-... ...Yes. Uu-."

George: "So, in other words, ...the witch, Beatrice, gave Maria-chan that envelope along with the umbrella...?"

Maria: "Uu-!" Maria nodded forcefully.

Natsuhi: "...I-I agree with my husband. It's a dubious letter handed over by some suspicious person. It isn't even worth reading."

Battler: "There's nothing wrong with just reading it, right?"

Battler said it to Jessica in a small voice, trying to act tough, but Natsuhi heard him clearly and glared at him with threatening eyes.

Jessica: "A-And then, err, ...Beatrice told you to read it after the meal was over, right, Maria?"

Maria: "Uu-!"

Kyrie: "...It's okay, everyone. This envelope didn't come from Grandfather, but from Beatrice. Regardless of who actually wrote it, why can't we just hear what's inside before we decide?"

Hideyoshi: "Th-That's right. Even if Father didn't necessarily write it, I'd still like to know what's written inside. ...Maria-chan, I'm sorry I tried to take it from you by force earlier! I apologize, so will you read it aloud in front of everyone?"

Rosa: "...Maria, read it."

Maria: "Uu-." As all the relatives stared fiercely at Maria, she spread the letter open with a rustle...

Rudolf: "...Do you think it really did come from Dad?"

Krauss: "Impossible. Whenever Father has announced something to us in the past, he would always send Genji if he didn't do it directly, correct? ...I cannot believe that he would use such a joke-like approach."

Eva: "That's right. Maria, a <Messenger>? That definitely doesn't suit Father's tastes... Rosa, could this be Maria-chan trying to surprise us by putting on some kind of show...?"

Rosa: "...M-Maria isn't really a kid who'd be capable of something so thoughtful."

Maria: "Gonna read it. Uu-."

The words came out of Maria's mouth, but for some reason, her voice seemed different than usual. Everyone went suddenly silent...

Maria: "Welcome to Rokkenjima, members of the Ushiromiya family. I am Beatrice, the alchemist for this family employed by Kinzo-sama himself."

Hideyoshi: "...Hah, that's crazy...!"

Eva: "Quiet!"

Maria: "I have served him for many years in accordance with our contract, but on this day, Kinzo-sama has announced the final suspension of that contract. Therefore, I ask that you acknowledge my resignation from the position of family alchemist from this day forth."

Krauss: "...How foolish... What nonsense...!"

Natsuhi: "I-I can't stand to listen to it...!"

Maria: "And now, there is one part of the contract that must be explained to all present. I, Beatrice, lent Kinzo-sama a vast quantity of gold under certain terms. One of these terms specifies that all the gold is to be returned to me upon the termination of the contract. Furthermore, I am to receive everything of the Ushiromiya family as interest."

Hideyoshi: "R-Ridiculous!!"

Jessica: "...I-It's been ridiculous from the very beginning..."

Battler: "So it's basically one of those things, right? Doesn't it sound just like one of those contracts with the devil? The contract has expired, so they've come to collect the interest. Is she trying to grab some retirement money for her old age or something? What a cheeky witch."

George: "Battler-kun, now isn't the time to joke around..."

Battler made a face as if to ask, "If I can't make fun of this, what can I make fun of?" Some of the adults' faces were pale, while others looked dazed.

Maria: "After hearing this, you may feel as though Kinzo-sama has been savagely ruthless. However, Kinzo-sama did append a special clause to the contract so that you would have a chance to preserve your wealth and honor. If and only if that special clause is fulfilled, I will lose my rights to the gold and the interest for all eternity."

Rudolf: "...A special clause...?"

Eva: "Wh-What is it...?!"

Maria: "Special clause. Beatrice retains the right to collect the gold and accumulated interest upon the termination of the contract. However, if someone is able to discover the hidden gold of this contract, Beatrice must abandon these rights for all time."

Maria: "...The collection of the interest will proceed shortly, but if any one of you fulfills the terms of this special clause, I shall return everything, including the portion that has already been collected. Furthermore, as the first step in this collection of Kinzo-sama's debt, I have taken possession of the Ushiromiya family `Head's Ring', which signifies the passage of the Ushiromiya Family Headship from one individual to another. I ask that you confirm this for yourselves by examining the imprint on the wax seal."

Krauss: "...Are they trying to claim that *that's* the meaning behind this seal...?! That Father would relinquish his ring is unthinkable...!" Krauss stared at the sealing wax as if trying to burn a hole through it. Eva and Rudolf were doing the same over his shoulder!

Nanjo: "C-Come to think of it, when we were playing chess, I did have a strange feeling that something was missing from Kinzo-san's finger..."

Natsuhi: "Doctor Nanjo! Don't say something so careless just because of a vague memory!"

Kyrie: "We can't prove its authenticity here. Only by asking Father directly...can we determine whether he really handed over his ring and whether this letter tells the truth."

Rosa: "Th-That's right. It's just as Kyrie-san says..."

Nanjo: "...Do you really think... ...Kinzo-san will tell you...? After all, that person's thoughts sometimes surpass the bounds of common sense..."

Krauss: "No matter what happens, it's still nonsense...! In the first place, the illusion of gold itself is one of Father's tricks. I've already heard enough talk of that gold from the rest of you!"

Eva: "But this is the witch speaking, right? About how the inheritance and all of the assets will be handed over to the one who finds the gold, right? So, maybe Beatrice-sama is Father's legal advisor or in charge of his funds..."

Natsuhi: "W-We can't possibly trust some strange person who entrusts such a suspicious paper to a child!"

Rudolf: "Aniki, ...we need you to be frank with us. Is it possible Dad's assets are being managed by someone you don't know?!"

Krauss: "N-No, that's impossible! As the Family Head's representative, I control all of Father's assets! It should be impossible for anyone to do as they please with them without me knowing it!"

Rosa: "So, this must mean there are some assets you don't control, right, Krauss nii-san?"

Krauss: "How foolish! Such assets could not possibly exist!"

Eva: "...Oh, but there is such a thing. An asset of Father's that you don't control."

Natsuhi: "There is no way such a thing could exist!!"

Hideyoshi: "No, it does. ...It's Father's...no, Beatrice's hidden gold!!"

Rudolf: "Let's keep it simple. In short, Dad had some trusted confidante that Aniki doesn't even know about. Furthermore, this person has always been in charge of watching and managing the gold. Or, it could be some eccentric, rich person who offered him a loan with rules like a devil's contract."

Kyrie: "...Could it be that this confidante called Beatrice...is trying to test which of Kinzo's children is most worthy to be financed by her gold?"

Kyrie's question was one that all the siblings wanted answered.

Upon reflection, they realized that Kinzo's strange epitaph had hung in the hall beneath the witch's portrait for quite some time, and while it had long been whispered that whoever solved the puzzle would receive everything, ...no one had ever clearly stated it.

It was just something that everyone had hoped might be true. And right here, right now, the thing they'd hoped for had been clearly stated in Beatrice's letter!

It clearly specified that everything of the Ushiromiya family would be given to the one who found the gold.

Maria: "Kinzo-sama has already publicly displayed the location of the hidden gold within the epitaph under my portrait. The rules apply equally to all who can read the epitaph. If you discover the gold, I shall return everything to you. Tonight, I ask that you enjoy your battle of wits with Kinzo-sama to the fullest. I sincerely pray that this night will be both intellectual and elegant. --Beatrice the Golden."

Krauss: "...Father, I know you can hear me! Please respond!"

The door to Kinzo's study was being violently, harshly beaten against over and over again like a percussion instrument. The yells coming from the other side belonged to Krauss, Rudolf, and sometimes Eva.

It was the siblings, who were trying to intrude upon Kinzo's study to question him about the truth behind that mysterious letter.

Kinzo was eating.

An elegant tablecloth was set over the desk, and the fabulous dinner that had adorned the table down in the dining hall was reproduced here.

Kinzo continued his meal in silence. ...Shannon, taking away an empty plate, looked uncomfortably between the door being pounded on and Kinzo's face.

Shannon: "...Everyone is calling for you, ...but what should I do...?"

Kinzo: "...Leave them. God and my meals both hold silence as a virtue."

Genji: "Should I silence them?"

Kinzo: "There's no need. It does not even reach my ears." Kinzo enjoyed his food, apparently indifferent.

Genji quietly lowered his head and took a single step back. ...As he did, Kanon, who stood in reserve like a shadow behind and to the side of Genji, opened his mouth.

Kanon: "...Maria-sama apparently received a letter from Beatrice-sama, so I imagine they want to test its authenticity."

# Chapter 8
# label: *umi1_8
# Night of October 4. Eyecatch: October 4 (Sat) 22:00 → 23:00.

Kinzo: "...Hahaha... ...Has she started already then? ...Come, Beatrice. I have no shortage of coins to be wagered. Shall we enjoy this night to the fullest? ...I don't think I'll lose. Your smile will be mine for all eternity. If I could see it one more time, I wouldn't regret losing my wealth, my honor, or even my life."

Kinzo: "...Well then, the roulette has begun to spin. Which pocket will the ball fall into? Noir? Rouge? Or house takes all? Come, you may begin, Beatrice. I'll show you the power of miracles once more...!"

The strange letter that the witch had entrusted to Maria wiped all memories of dinner from our minds.

Maria was repeatedly barraged with questions by Aunt Rosa and the other parents... and became increasingly ill-tempered when they refused to believe her.

If we kids tried to butt in, they'd probably ignore us.

Our parents were all stirred up, firing back and forth about the gold and the distribution of the assets and completely forgetting that we were even there.

...I'd already guessed they'd been talking like this in the shadows, but I hadn't thought they'd be so blunt. It gave all of us kids a considerable shock.

...From what we could overhear, all the parents wanted more money as soon as possible.

Back and forth about Grandfather's inheritance. Back and forth about the distribution of the gold if it was found. About advance payments and cash.

...It was so despicable, I could hardly bear to watch, even though one of them was my father. ...It looked like Jessica felt the same way.

We left our seats without being asked to and went to hang out somewhere well away from our parents...

Jessica: "...I get it. Now I totally see why Grandfather hates coming down for meals. I'm so disillusioned with our parents right now! All that about money and the inheritance! How can they act like that right out in the open?!"

Battler: "Well, I'm already completely disillusioned with my old bastard. There's no way I could think any worse of him. Ihihi!"

Jessica: "Th-That's exactly the same for me! Still, ...that freakin' shocked me. Shocked me to the core..."

Jessica looked down at the floor, irritated.

...She was always talking about how bad her parents were, but maybe she hadn't really felt that way deep inside. The depths of Jessica's shock made that clear.

George: "...You're all minors being supported by your parents, so you might not understand, ...but getting money is neither a simple nor a pretty thing. I won't try to force you to understand right now, since you're still kids. ...But even so, I want you to realize that your parents are just doing their best in their own way."

Battler: "...Oh great, George-aniki's gotten all mature."

Jessica: "George nii-san, I know you're working hard as a full-fledged member of society, ...but does that mean you turn into a shameless, greedy vulture like our parents whenever you start talking about money and assets...?"

George: "...If it were only for my own benefit, then no, I wouldn't want to do that. However, when your family and your employees, your subordinates and their families are all counting on you, ...there are some times when you must fight."

Jessica: "...I hate that kind of fight. That back and forth about Grandfather's inheritance just makes me wanna puke."

Jessica pretended to spit violently. ...That harsh reaction made the depths of her pain very clear.

Battler: "...Let's stop talking about this. All this about Grandfather's hidden gold, property and inheritance is our parents' problem, not ours."

George: "I agree. ...At the very least, I think children have a duty to be considerate and stay out of their parents' way when they're talking together."

Jessica: "...Tch. ...Sounds pretty boring..."

Everyone knows the phrase "Adults are filthy", ...but we had now seen that for ourselves, and that really did give us a considerable shock.

George-aniki was now pretty much an adult, and I'd already been disillusioned with my dad, so the shock wasn't that big for us, ...but Jessica seemed to be taking it hard.

Apparently, she'd received a bigger blow than I'd thought.

...She always talks badly about her parents, but it looks like she hadn't changed at all on the inside. ...Even now, she's still a pure-hearted, delicate person who can't doubt others.

I'm sure she respected her parents as much as anyone else does.

...And then her parents started raging about, going `Money money inheritance inheritance, my money!' right in front of all of the other parents and the children. It's no surprise she received such a shock from hearing that...

George: "...Jessica-chan, please don't start hating your mother and father. ...I won't ask you to understand them, but at least don't hate them."

Jessica: "I get it, just leave me alone for a bit...!!"

Six years ago, I would've kept taunting Jessica even after she got all dejected, ...but I guess I really have grown over the last six years.

I realized it'd be better to leave Jessica alone right now...

Jessica suddenly looked away sulkily and left the parlor.

...She probably wanted to be alone for a while. I could do nothing but wordlessly watch her back as she left...

George: "...Come to think of it, I wonder where Maria-chan went."

Battler: "She's probably pouting in front of the portrait."

Maria truly looked up to witches, and she'd expected that coming in direct contact with Beatrice and receiving the letter as proof... would surprise everyone and make them happy.

However, the adults had doubted its authenticity, thoroughly bombarding Maria with questions and refusing to accept her story. ...Even for me, it wasn't hard to imagine how much that must've hurt Maria.

We couldn't speak to Maria or Jessica. ...In the end, George-aniki and I just abandoned ourselves to the sound of the falling rain in the dark night...

George: "I wonder what's happening with that typhoon. ...Maybe there's something about it on the news." George-aniki started walking over to the corner of the parlor where the television was.

He hadn't called me over, and I really couldn't have cared less where the typhoon was on the sea now. So without going over to the television, I loitered around the window.

Kyrie: "...The wind hasn't picked up that much here, but I wonder if it's horrible over the sea. I did hear about a severe storm warning on the weather report."

Battler: "Ah, Kyrie-san. ...I take it those big talks between the adults are going smoothly, yeah?" She seemed to catch the sarcasm. Kyrie-san shrugged.

Kyrie: "...I wonder if that stomachache of a discussion will continue all night. It's not going to be fun."

Battler: "Well then, please enjoy playing vultures to Grandfather's property as much as you'd like. ...I feel sick."

Kyrie: "I'll agree with you on that. If I could just slip away like you, I'd do it. ...Unfortunately, I can't. Even if I'm not allowed to speak. We spouses have it pretty rough too." Kyrie-san took a deep breath, smiling bitterly.

That's right. They probably wouldn't let Kyrie-san speak, since she only married into the family.

Still, as Dad's partner, she's had no choice but to stay by his side and support him. ...She's probably had to bear the full brunt of this mental pressure much more than me.

I wasn't going to apologize, but realizing that I'd spoken too harshly, I cut the sarcasm for the time being...

Battler: "So how does it look? Are they still stuck on the topic of the mysterious witch, Beatrice?"

Kyrie: "...More or less. Those four siblings are always piling up secret agreements when they come together to discuss the division of Grandfather's inheritance. ...They're saying that some unknown fifth person has appeared and is trying to make things even more complicated, and there's no way that'll make for a peaceful conversation. Just when you think they're snarling at each other, they'll set up a common front. ...Natsuhi nee-san's not the only one getting headaches."

On the one hand, they all want a larger portion than the other siblings, so they're all rivals, but on the other hand, they don't want one yen to be snatched up by anyone other than the siblings, so they're also all allies.

I hadn't been told the details, but the siblings were apparently discussing how to protect their shares under various situations, setting up ceasefire agreements and rules to prevent anyone from getting an unfair advantage, even preparing to resort to legal action if absolutely necessary.

...That they would go this far to preserve their shares...was so beyond disgusting that you just had to acknowledge their resilience...

Battler: "So, basically, Beatrice is like an assassin sent by Grandfather. ...He probably wanted to scare the hell out of his children for talking about the inheritance without him. Ihihi!"

Kyrie: "Who is this Beatrice, I wonder? If everything she claims is true, then she's a mystery figure that no one knew about until today, and she also knows about Grandfather's hidden gold. On top of that, she was even entrusted with the Head's Ring. ...She must truly have been trusted by him."

Battler: "Well, obviously I don't think she's a witch riding around on a broom, ...but there's no doubt she's a mysterious person who's earned the right to be called a witch."

Kyrie: "If only Maria-chan would go into more detail about that. ...Everyone's been smothering her, even though she's just a little girl. They really scared her, and some things they might have asked now can't be asked. I wonder if those people have ever even read `The North Wind and the Sun'."

Battler: "What we do know is that Maria received a letter from a person who took the name Beatrice. ...She sure is shy for a mystery person, entrusting Maria with a letter and hiding away even now, when she could've just appeared and talked to us directly. Hahaha..."

Kyrie: "...Hey, Battler-kun. Do you really think a person called Beatrice actually exists?"

Battler: "Who knows? Doesn't it really seem like a false name? Like she's Grandfather's representative, so she was given permission to take the name of the witch from his delusions?"

Kyrie: "No, that's not what I meant. Right now, there's a total of 18 people here on Rokkenjima. ...Do you think there's a 19th person?"

Are there really a full 18 people on this island right now? Wondering about that, I began counting on my fingers, and it really did come out to that many.

Battler: "Do I think that a 19th person exists? ...What exactly do you mean?"

Kyrie: "Just what I said. ...The person who lent Maria that umbrella supposedly wasn't one of us 18. So, isn't it natural to assume that a 19th person exists, and that this person lent Maria the umbrella?"

Battler: "...Well, ...yeah, it sure looks that way."

Kyrie: "Then, where exactly is this person now? At the very least, she must've been on the island when it started raining. And ever since that time, the weather has grown progressively worse, so taking a boat out would be pretty much impossible. In that case, that person must still be on the island, hiding from the rain somewhere. ...And without any of us spotting her."

Battler: "...True, we've all been randomly prowling around all over the mansion and the guesthouse, but no one has bumped into a 19th person. ...But this island is huge. There might be other places to take shelter from the rain, other than the mansion and the guesthouse."

At about this time, I began to realize what direction Kyrie-san's suspicions were taking us in.

Kyrie-san was denying that a 19th person existed. ...Beatrice was one of us 18.

...In other words, she thought someone we knew well was tricking us.

Kyrie: "If Beatrice is who she claims, she would surely be the most honored of guests. The most honored of confidants, trusted by Grandfather. ...There's no way Grandfather wouldn't give that kind of person a warm reception. She would surely have been ushered into the mansion. However, we haven't seen anyone like that."

Battler: "Wait a sec, isn't this line of reasoning a bit too hasty? Sure, no one spotted this person, but that doesn't mean that you can deny the possibility that a 19th person exists, right?"

Battler: "Maybe, for some reason, they landed on the island stealthily and have been hiding ever since. ...It's what they call a Devil's Proof. It's easy to prove that something exists. If this Beatrice appears in front of us all and says hi, then it's settled. But it's impossible to prove that there's no 19th person."

Kyrie: "...Yes. Battler-kun, your way of reasoning isn't bad. In our current situation, there isn't enough information to either accept or deny that a 19th person exists. ...But if you spin the chessboard around and think that way, we can deny the existence of a 19th person with near certainty."

`Spin the chessboard around' was one of Kyrie-san's favorite phrases. ...I've been influenced by those words and use them myself from time to time.

When you get stuck trying to find a move in chess or Shogi, then by spinning the board around and looking at everything from your opponent's standpoint, you can often see a strategy that'll give you the upper hand.

It means turning things around and putting yourself in your opponent's shoes.

Kyrie: "...You see? Let's say that a 19th person called Beatrice actually exists. That person must've managed, without being seen by anyone, to stealthily arrive on this island and remain hidden ever since. Maybe they had some reason, okay? In that case, why did they go to all of the trouble of appearing before Maria and handing her the letter?"

It really was a contradiction.

If they had some reason for hiding themselves, then they should've stayed hidden the whole time. But even so, they had appeared openly in front of Maria.

Battler: "Then... ...wait, Maria said it herself. She said the witch made her a <Messenger>. Maybe that's because Maria was the youngest and looked the most obedient..."

Kyrie: "Why would they need a messenger? If they just wanted a letter delivered to the family conference, they could have mailed it. If they mailed it to each of the four siblings, no one would be able to ignore it. There was no need for this person to carry it themselves and secretly deliver it by hand."

Battler: "...Yeah, ...that does sound pretty weird."

Kyrie: "In the first place, if Beatrice existed and wanted to make her presence known to everyone, then she could have just openly presented herself to all of us. Despite that, she chose the vague method of appearing through a little girl called Maria-chan...and only gave us a vague impression of who she was. Contradiction. Let's go a little deeper, shall we?"

Kyrie: "...She appeared in front of Maria, trying to give us the impression that a 19th person existed, and yet, she still hasn't appeared before us and is hiding somewhere at this very moment. Think about those contradictions. ...You've got to keep these things in mind when you spin the chessboard around."

Kyrie: "In short, if a person wants to leave us with the impression that Beatrice exists as the 19th person, what might their goal be?"

Battler: "...If this person wanted to hide, then they wouldn't have made their presence known. And if they wanted to show themselves, they wouldn't have used the roundabout approach of entrusting someone with a letter. ...Which means...?"

Kyrie: "It's simple. Beatrice is one of the 18 people. That's why they want to create the illusion that there are more than 18 people. ...The 19th person was revealed so spectacularly. If someone were to profit from this, it wouldn't be some 19th person in hiding. It'd be one of the original 18 people. ...Of course, this reasoning is full of holes. If you turn over even a few of its premises, it'll simply fall apart. But I'm almost completely certain it's correct."

...This is starting to feel pretty creepy.

Someone lent Maria the umbrella and handed her the letter. Supposedly, none of the 18 did this. And yet, Beatrice was hidden among those 18.

What was this person planning, hiding their true form and pretending to be Beatrice...?

Kyrie: "I suspected it might've been Maria-chan playacting, but the contents of the message were extremely complicated, and it's hard to imagine Maria-chan writing that herself. ...However, I can't deny the possibility that Maria-chan is working together with someone."

Battler: "W-Wait a sec, ...Maria's a nine-year-old kid, right?! What could she possibly be planning, and with whom?! And what about her straightforward, overly-honest, obedient nature?!"

Kyrie: "Yes, I also understand what kind of a person Maria-chan is. ...But that's exactly why I think it's possible. That girl's a dreamer who can't help but look up to and blindly accept the existence of witches. So if a person appeared in front of her and claimed to be the witch Beatrice, Maria-chan would happily swallow it up, I think."

Battler: "...So you're saying that if someone disguised themselves by wearing that fancy dress from the portrait, tricking Maria wouldn't be that hard?"

Kyrie: "Of course, with that reasoning, all of us women would become the primary suspects. ...Anyway, who did Maria-chan encounter? Learning the details of that question would be the best key to solving this riddle."

Kyrie: "...But this key has been firmly locked away inside Maria-chan's heart. Everyone denied the existence of the witch without listening to her, barraging her too much with questions about who Beatrice actually was. ...She probably won't open her heart to the adults now."

In the dim hall, in front of the portrait of Beatrice, ...Maria was sobbing.

Maria: "...Uu-... Uu-. ...No one believes I met Beatrice! ...Uu-... Uu-... Even though I showed them the letter Beatrice gave, they still don't believe...! ...Uu-...u, ...u, ...hic, ...hic!"

Kyrie: "Anyway, Maria-chan's holding the key. The key to whether Beatrice is one of the 18 people or a 19th person."

Battler: "...Maria's stubborn, right? When that girl gets angry, it's pretty hard to make her feel better."

Kyrie: "Battler-kun, I think a kid like you would be better at cheering her up than an adult like me. ...After she's feeling better, try asking. ...I know you don't care about all this back and forth about the inheritance, but don't you find this Western mansion mystery situation exciting? Who in the world is this person who gave Maria-chan the letter? ...It makes your intellectual curiosity ache."

Battler: "You're actually pretty tough, considering you're still excited after being dragged through that endless money talk... Adults can be pretty amazing."

I shrugged exasperatedly. ...But I did notice something.

Kyrie noticed how dejected I was after overhearing our parents' turbulent discussion... and was probably trying to clear the air.

...At the very least, I'd recovered enough to voice my complaints.

...She wasn't my real mother, so I've never felt like calling her Mom. ...But it did make me think `she's a real adult'.

Rudolf: "Hey brats, so this is where you were. Kyrie, you really took your time fixing your makeup, didn't you? Think I'll make a habit of going out to touch up my makeup too."

Kyrie: "I'm sorry. A woman's makeup takes a long time. ...So? How has the discussion been without me?"

Battler: "Hehehe, I'm sure everything was all peaceful and harmonious." Kyrie-san poked the weak spot under my arm with her elbow.

Rudolf: "...We decided to take a break to cool our heads a little. It looks like we'll be at it all night. Makes me wanna cry." His way of talking hadn't changed, but he couldn't completely hide his fatigue. ...I couldn't say I was sympathetic, but he looked pitiful compared to his normal, energetic self.

Rudolf: "Still, that rain's just awful. I really don't wanna go back to the guesthouse. It looks like Natsuhi nee-san set things up so we could spend the night here in the mansion. What'll we do?"

Kyrie: "...We don't need to decide until you're done, right? If you run so low on energy that you can't return to our room, then we can take them up on their offer."

Rudolf: "You're right. We can think about it later. ...What about you, Battler?"

Battler: "If I stayed, I'd just get in the way. I'll be nice and go back over there."

Rudolf: "...I see. Will you go back soon?"

Battler: "I dunno. It'd be lonely to head back by myself. I'll gather all the kids and we'll head out."

Rudolf: "Okay. You go do that. ...Also, Battler, you won't be going to sleep that easily tonight, right?"

Battler: "Yeah, I'll probably be up talking with the cousins. Sounds like we'll be up all night. Is there a problem with that?"

Rudolf: "...I see. If you're still awake when the adults' discussion is over, I want to have a little talk as a family."

Battler: "...A what? That doesn't sound like you."

Apparently, Kyrie-san was thinking the same thing. `What are you talking about?' She asked him in a small voice.

...It looked like Kyrie-san didn't have a clue what Dad meant either.

Rudolf: "...I also want to talk to you about it, Kyrie. ...I'll tell you later, so don't ask now. Please."

Kyrie: "...?"

I don't know anyone who neglects the concept of `family' as much as this old bastard. ...And now he's saying we're gonna have a talk as a family. ...Both Kyrie-san and I couldn't help but get wide-eyed.

Rudolf: "Don't look so terrified. I'm the one who should be terrified. ...After all..." At that point, he swallowed his words for an instant.

...Even though putting on airs of importance wasn't much like my dad.

Battler: "...You're freaking me out, Dad. Everyone in our family's gathered here now, right? Don't make a big deal out of it and spit it out."

Rudolf: "...Tonight, ...I will probably... be killed."

There was a huge crash of thunder.

It must've been really close.

Dad's expression, brightly illuminated by the lightning, was burned into my eyes.

Dad's face, which always looked so sure of itself and which always wore a taunting expression, ...was strangely frail in a way I couldn't really explain.

...It was so worn out that he looked like a different person.

Battler: "Wh-What...?! ...What are you talking about?! That doesn't sound like you!"

Kyrie: "*giggle* I agree. What happened? You look so timid all of a sudden. It's not like you."

Rudolf: "...I'm gonna go fix my makeup too. Don't follow me." Dad turned away, weakly. After that, only Kyrie and I were left, still wide-eyed.

Battler: "What did he say...? Tonight, he'll be killed? You don't think that mysterious letter scared him, do you? He's been watching too many serial murder movies."

Kyrie: "...Hmmmmmmmm."

Kyrie-san didn't answer my lighthearted words...and continued to stare at my dad's disappearing back...

Kyrie: "...Battler-kun, when you told Rudolf-san to spill the beans right away, he left without telling us anything. Even though he said he had something to say to both of us, he didn't answer you. Why? ...Spin the chessboard around. ...What do you see?"

Battler: "Well, when he said he wanted to talk but then couldn't, that's a contradiction. ...What, can you see something by looking from Dad's perspective?"

Kyrie: "...*giggle* Yes, I can see something. He wants to talk about something. However, he doesn't have the courage to bring it up. So he actually means `chase after me, talk to me, and ask me about it yourself.' By saying `Don't follow me', he actually means the opposite. He actually means `Follow me and force me to answer.' ...Seriously, what a spoiled brat."

Battler: "Whaaaa-?! Can you really call that reasoning?! Th-That's ridiculous."

Kyrie: "Heheheh, can great private and police detectives deduce the emotions and feelings between men and women? They can't, right? Figuring out the feelings of the opposite sex is an even more advanced art than exposing the tricks in difficult crime cases. If you ask me, romance novels have much deeper mysteries than masterpiece mystery novels."

Battler: "I-I see. Is that how it is..."

Kyrie: "I'll stand alongside that spoiled brat. ...He normally loves to bluff, but tonight, he's completely tired out from that heated discussion. He probably wants someone to lean on at the moment. And responding to that need is the role of his partner."

Battler: "Haah. Sounds passionate. Then I'll leave that old bastard in your hands."

Kyrie: "Yes, leave it to me." I called out to Kyrie-san's departing back.

Kyrie: "...Huh? What?"

Battler: "Um, I wanted to say thanks. Thanks to you, my gloomy mood has cleared up a lot."

Kyrie: "That's good. Communication is important." After answering with a wink, Kyrie-san followed after Dad...

Natsuhi could be found in a dimly lit hallway. Now and then, the thunder would crash, but this had no effect on Natsuhi's expression. ...She looked completely worn out.

The discussion that had just taken place between the relatives in the dining hall was repeating itself inside Natsuhi's mind...

Beatrice had proclaimed that in addition to the gold, all of the inheritance and property of the Ushiromiya family would be given to the person who could solve the riddle.

...In other words, she planned to undermine the absolute guarantee that Krauss, as the oldest brother, had to succeed the Family Head. Originally, the other siblings had absolutely no chance to inherit the Headship.

To them, this `proposal' by Beatrice was extremely desirable. It was obvious that they would accept it.

...There was no need to play some clumsy detective game. Natsuhi knew that this so-called 19th person, Beatrice, couldn't exist.

Naturally, Beatrice was nothing more than a fictional character used to pass a message that Kinzo had written himself.

As proof, Kinzo had remained stubbornly neutral as to that letter's authenticity. ...He was completely ignoring these reckless claims that he shouldn't be able to ignore: that he had given up the Head's Ring.

...In short, Kinzo had wordlessly admitted that the letter held his own message.

Most likely, one of the servants had given Maria the letter.

Kinzo had probably worked out an elaborate plan where the dress from the portrait would be prepared, ...and someone, probably Shannon, would be made to wear it and deliver the letter and the umbrella.

By doing that, he could make it seem like the witch from the portrait actually existed. ...No, if anything, that alone was proof that Kinzo was behind all this.

In that case, ...it was the same as Kinzo trying to butt in on the siblings' private discussion.

Then Kinzo, by announcing that he'd give everything to the person who solved the riddle, could weaken Krauss's overwhelming advantage.

...Now it was certain. Kinzo had eavesdropped on the siblings' discussion in the parlor earlier that day.

So he had known how Krauss had staved off the attack by the other three, and to make the scales of the battle go back into balance, he had sent out this strange letter, which benefited Krauss's rivals.

He was trying to push this crazy theory so that Rosa, who had a weak position among the siblings because of her age, would join with Eva and Rudolf. Then, with a three-to-one advantage, they'd be able overwhelm Krauss yet again and make their ridiculous theories get accepted by force.

...And by doing that, he gave them the power to resettle what had once been a nearly decided conflict. They had now started repeatedly pressing Krauss to pay them a large amount of money...

Using the condition that all of the siblings would guarantee Krauss's position as the Successor, talk about advance payments was being brought up again despite having been rejected once.

Of course, even without the story about the hidden gold, the Ushiromiya family's store of wealth was vast.

That store of wealth alone was more than enough. Even if the hidden gold was buried forever along with Kinzo's death, there would be more than enough to satisfy.

Therefore, even if they weren't that interested in the gold itself, Kinzo had managed to instill the lifelong fear that, on the off-chance that someone found the gold, that person would be granted the Headship.

And this kind of Achilles' heel would definitely be taken advantage of by someone sooner or later.

The only person with this fatal weakness was the Successor, Krauss. ...The other siblings had found... no, they had been told by Kinzo about something that only Krauss could lose, and they had thoroughly taken advantage of that.

...Natsuhi, as Krauss's only ally in his painful position and as his wife, wanted to fight alongside him.

She kept trying to explain to him that the existence of the gold itself was a farce and that there was no need for him to compromise.

Krauss had always told Natsuhi. He had told all of the siblings. He always, always said that the hidden gold was nothing more than an illusion created by Kinzo.

Therefore, Natsuhi had believed it as his wife, and had supported her husband on that foundation.

Even so, Natsuhi's words didn't reach Krauss.

...Even though Natsuhi had fought so hard and had lent all of her strength, he continued to fight by himself and was trying to compromise with the other three siblings...

Natsuhi sadly and weakly wondered why she could not be of use to him, then started getting angry.

It had happened when everyone decided to take a short break to cool their heads. Natsuhi had flared up against Krauss.

Enraged, she had asked why she could not be useful to him.

...He had then told her that he wanted to talk about something...and invited her into a room that she was normally not allowed to enter.

That room had been sealed with a heavy-looking padlock, and just looking at it had given her an uncomfortable feeling...

Natsuhi: "There's no need for you to worry about anything said by those three, or even this suspicious person who calls herself Beatrice!! After all, the gold is just a ruse created by Father. There's no way something like that could be found!! Your position as the Successor is a solid fact. What are you afraid of?!"

Krauss removed the padlock on the door. He then motioned for Natsuhi to enter.

Krauss: "Enter."

Natsuhi: "...Wh-What is this?"

Krauss: "There's something I want you to see. ...I've never shown you this before."

Natsuhi timidly opened the door with a dubious expression on her face... It was pitch black. She searched for a switch to turn on the lights, but since this was her first time in the room, she didn't know where it was.

Krauss entered behind her, pushing her in, and when he closed the door before turning on the lights, the two were swallowed up by the darkness.

Only the sound of Krauss locking the door rang out through the dark.

Natsuhi: "Wh-What are you doing...? Th-The lights..."

Krauss: "I am turning them on now. Wait." Just as he said, when Krauss pushed a switch on the wall, a flickering light turned on and lit up the room.

Natsuhi: "...Th- That is...?" Natsuhi had her breath taken away.

The room had no windows, and at a glance, it appeared to be empty.

In the middle of the room, a small, round table had been set, and the lights brightened only that table, as if it were the leading part in a play.

On top of the table, a red tablecloth of elaborate design had been set out, covered with dust, ...and on top of that, `something' about the size of a grown man's arm had been set down.

...That something took Natsuhi's breath away.

Krauss: "It's a gold ingot of incredible purity. Without this, no one would have believed in the Legend of the Gold."

It was an ingot of solid gold.

Even in the faint light, it sparkled with a noble and dignified glint...

Krauss: "This is not a proper ingot. I don't even know whether it was cast inside or outside the country."

It took a high level of skill to make the purest of solid gold ingots. And in order to verify that purity, it was standard to have the original foundry and the name of the bank that guaranteed it imprinted on the gold.

...However, this ingot did not have that kind of seal. ...This mysterious gold bar had come from an unknown foundry.

Krauss: "Look here. ...There's nothing to be afraid of. It's just a bar of gold." Natsuhi, following Krauss's words, timidly approached the ingot...

Krauss: "Right there." Krauss pointed at the surface of the ingot. ...Natsuhi concentrated on that section...

Natsuhi: "...!!"

Right there was the thin imprint of the One-Winged Eagle crest! Natsuhi's breath was taken away once again.

Krauss: "That's right. This is the legendary ingot that Father said he received from the witch, that the president of Marusoo witnessed and was allowed to select at random to take back with him, that gained the trust of the fixers in the business world. I had to use all possible means to find it. ...I found it before the other siblings could."

Natsuhi: "...How could... ...Then, ...the legend of Father's gold is..."

Krauss: "It actually exists. ...The gold that Ushiromiya Kinzo received from Beatrice actually exists."

Natsuhi: "Impossible...! ...S-So, it really does exist..."

Natsuhi was shocked...

Krauss had always said that Kinzo's gold was just a fabrication. So she had believed it, as his wife.

However, the reality was different. Since he held definite proof, he had been more certain than any of the other siblings that the Legend of the Gold was true.

Because of this, Krauss was deeply frightened at the possibility that someone other than himself would find the gold he'd failed to find, costing him everything.

...But to Natsuhi, this truth was more than enough to split open her heart. She had thought that, as Krauss's wife, she should be his closest confidant, which was why she had selflessly supported him.

...And yet, he had hid this fact from her until today. ...Why?

Natsuhi: "...H- Have I been... so undeserving of your trust...?"

Krauss: "...That has never been my intention. There was simply no need to tell you."

Natsuhi: "...I- Is that all a... ...a wife means to you...?!"

Krauss: "Calm down... Becoming passionate easily is one of your bad habits."

Natsuhi: "You're the one who's making me like that, aren't you?!!! I've been supporting you as a wife ever since I married into this family...! For your sake, I threw away the family I was born into, and I've been offering up my heart and my body to serve you...!! And in return, ...this is what I get...?! How could... ...How could you...?!!"

Krauss grimaced, looking annoyed... His expression effectively communicated how much he disliked this part of Natsuhi, even if he didn't say it out loud...

Natsuhi: "...It doesn't look like... I will be of any use to you anymore..."

Krauss: "Hmmm, that's fine. ...I can resolve the troubles with the siblings by myself. I don't need your help."

Natsuhi: "That's wrong!! This is the Ushiromiya family's problem! It's true that I am not permitted to wear the family crest on my body! But I am still your wife!! Even so, ...are you saying I'm not capable of helping you...?! Are you...?!!!"

Krauss: "...I especially wouldn't want to risk getting you involved. It would probably make your headaches even worse than they are now. Take a rest for today. The siblings will deal with the siblings' problems. It has nothing to do with you. That is all."

A dull headache tormented Natsuhi... No matter what medicine she took, no matter what scents she burned, it wouldn't heal.

...In fact, simply wandering alone through the dark corridors and listening to the sound of the rain seemed to be a better cure...

...I may be Natsuhi, ...but I was never Ushiromiya Natsuhi.

I have been despised and treated as a borrowed womb...and insulted when I couldn't even fill that role... Even so, I have tried to properly perform my duties as a wife, ...but now, even my husband has rejected me.

I've done my best raising my daughter, as if it were the last job left to me... ...However, I've had no release for my anger and sadness, and they've caused me to subconsciously strain that relationship too...

Because I've been excessively strict in Jessica's education, she dislikes me thoroughly. She despises me for having no interest in anything but grades.

...There is no longer... ...anything I can do for the Ushiromiya family...

No, ...that's no good. Despite it all, I must help my husband and beat back the schemes of the other greedy siblings.

The Family Head won't be around much longer. Eventually, Krauss will succeed the Head. And the next Successor will be Jessica. ...Strictly speaking, the man who enters the family by marrying Jessica will become the next Head, but it all comes to the same thing.

...I have to make Jessica an excellent Successor whom everyone will accept as worthy to take over the Ushiromiya family.

In the days to come, that greedy Ushiromiya Eva will probably be plotting to find some fault with the main family, and if all goes as she plans, Jessica will be dragged down from the succession, with George set up in her place.

...It is regrettable, but George is a man, and even more, has matured as a person. ...Compared to Jessica, who is right in the middle of her rebellious period and whose grades are slightly below average, it can be seen at a glance who is more fit to succeed the Head.

So in order to secure Jessica's position, I need to turn her into an excellent person. After doing that, ...I want to find her an excellent husband worthy of the excellent person she will have become.

...A wonderful man who will truly accept Jessica...and stay with her through all of life's joys and sorrows.

Was Natsuhi...trying to entrust her daughter with fulfilling some desire of her own?

Natsuhi thought back to the days when she'd had no choice but to marry into the Ushiromiya family, because of that unavoidable fate...

She had tried to block that from her memory.

...She had consciously forgotten it...and had actively attended to the life she'd been given as Ushiromiya Natsuhi...

And in so doing, she had built up a new life.

...But...just now, ...it felt like all of that had been casually rejected.

Natsuhi: "... How should I think as I live my life? ...I do not know." Natsuhi helplessly rested her head against the glass of the window...

The glass, which was cool thanks to the raindrops beating against it, felt somehow refreshing. Even though it should have been emotionless, ...right then it seemed to be the only thing that could understand Natsuhi...

At that point, even if someone had appeared, Natsuhi didn't intend to pay any attention to them.

...But she did pay attention. ...Because it was her beloved daughter.

Jessica: "...O- Oh, it's you, Mom. What the heck are you doing in a place like this? Thought you were a ghost..." Just like always, her words were rough and not at all like a girl's.

...Instinctively, words of rebuke rose to Natsuhi's throat. ...However, their strength gave out and they didn't escape her lips.

Natsuhi: "...Jessica, forgive me, but my headache is awful. Please leave me be."

Jessica: "...I see..." Jessica was seeing her mother in a position of feebleness for the first time, so she was considerably disconcerted.

Until just now, she'd been filled with contempt for all of the parents, including her mother.

...But now, those feelings had been completely swept away. ...Her mother's utterly exhausted face had wiped them all out.

In its place, the words George had told her floated back up in her mind.

Our parents are doing their best in their own way.

...And because their families are counting on them, they can't afford to keep everything pleasant...and have a heavy responsibility to fight.

...Maybe her mother had been standing around in this dimly lit hallway...because no one had tried to understand that in her...

Jessica hated her mother. ...So, she had no intention of speaking kindly to Natsuhi just because she was looking a bit frail...

So when she attempted to speak kindly to her mother anyway, she had to clench her fists and gather up the words from deep in her heart.

Jessica: "...I-It sounds like you've really got your hands full with that meeting thing..."

Natsuhi: "...It has nothing to do with you. Please go somewhere else."

Jessica: "...Is your headache bad? Sh-Should I go get some medicine...?"

Natsuhi: "...You don't have to trouble yourself. ...Please, leave me alone."

Natsuhi wasn't being cold. ...She just wanted her daughter to go far away so that she wouldn't have to bump against Natsuhi's own short temper. ...But there was no chance that Jessica would realize this.

Jessica: "...O-Okay." Jessica hung her head, looking sad.

...Seeing that expression, Natsuhi recognized the kindness that Jessica was trying to muster. She gave her head a small shake to drive away her own unkind feelings...

Jessica: "Then I'll...leave. ...I'll be with the other cousins, so I don't get in the way of the adults. ...See you later..."

Natsuhi: "...Wait there." She called Jessica, who was trying to leave and looked lonely, to a stop.

Jessica: "...What...?"

Natsuhi: "...Thank you for being so considerate. ...It isn't good of me to go to sleep and leave you alone."

Jessica: "D-Don't talk like that, you'll bring bad luck..."

Natsuhi: "...I've made you worried, but I'm okay now. ...I will go."

If I let my daughter see me this feeble any longer, I'll only make her feel more uneasy. ...With that thought in mind, Natsuhi left Jessica with words of gratitude and made to depart.

...This time, Jessica called out to her mother's back. Natsuhi stopped and turned around, asking what business Jessica had with her.

But Jessica herself didn't know why she'd stopped her mother, ...and for a while, she smiled wryly, muttering to herself as she hesitated over what to say. She was poking around in her pocket when her hand touched something, and she took it out.

Jessica: "U-Um, hey, Mom! I, uh, was given a charm today. What was it, a charm against magic? Umm, err, ...I'm pretty sure that...you were supposed to hang it from your doorknob, I think. Ahahaha, ...I forget... There's no point in me having it, ...so I'll let you take it."

It was the scorpion charm that Maria had given her on the beach.

Although she'd heard of its various effects from Maria, Jessica's mind had gone blank, and she was just barely able to say even that much.

Jessica, thinking that her mother probably wouldn't accept it anyway, immediately drew back the hand she had stuck out, grasping the charm.

...So when Natsuhi came back to take it, she was extremely shocked...

Natsuhi: "...What is this? Some kind of prize toy...?"

Jessica: "W-Well it's...I think it's something like that... I guess you wouldn't really expect a charm that looks like a toy to do anything..." But her mother took the charm from where she grasped it in her hand.

Natsuhi: "Thank you. I'll take good care of it. ...Sometime soon, in exchange, why don't I give you a charm that was important to me when I was a child?"

Jessica: "...I-It's not like that's why I gave it to you. ...But, well, ...if you really say so..."

Natsuhi: "Then I will rest for now. My headache is awful. ...Try not to stay up too late."

Jessica: "Sure..."

Natsuhi put the charm in her pocket and turned away. ...She then disappeared into the dark hall...

George: "...It seems the weather will be like this all day tomorrow after all."

Battler: "Dang, this makes the good weather we had earlier feel like a lie." George-aniki and I were killing time in front of the parlor television.

At that point, Jessica returned. Her face was still blank, but it looked like she'd calmed down a little since we'd last seen her.

Jessica: "...Is Maria still in front of the portrait?"

Battler: "Nope. She just came back, and she's sleeping over there on the sofa. It's getting pretty late for her, after all."

Looking at the clock, I saw it was a little past 10:00 PM. ...Even if we were planning to stay up all night, it was about time to head back to our room.

Jessica: "Well, my Mom did have a room prepared for us in the mansion. ...What'll we do?"

George: "I'd rather head back to the guesthouse. ...Going by what we saw of our parents, I think it'd be better if we weren't in the mansion."

Battler: "I agree. Feels like they're telling us kids to mind our own business and stay out of their way. Let's be good little boys and girls and do that."

As we were talking about this, Aunt Rosa came into the parlor. She was looking all over restlessly, probably trying to find Maria.

Battler: "Aunt Rosa, if you're looking for Maria, she's over there on the sofa."

Rosa: "Thank you. My, she's out cold. ...We must move her to a bed."

George: "If you'd like, I'll carry her over to a bed."

Rosa: "Thanks, that would be wonderful. ...Are you all heading back to the guesthouse? Or are you going to stay in the room Natsuhi nee-san had prepared here?"

Jessica: "We were just talking about that. We'd just decided to head over to the guesthouse."

Rosa: "I see. Then could I ask you to take Maria with you? ...I'd feel much more reassured if she stays with all of you cousins."

Behind those words, she seemed to be concealing some regret that the adults, herself included, had deeply hurt Maria's feelings...

Battler: "Leave it to us, Aunt Rosa. After all, we do have an expert at comforting Maria with us!"

George: "A-Are you talking about me? I couldn't do it myself. We'll need everyone together."

Jessica: "That's right. Battler, weren't you the one who hit it off with Maria when you were messing around earlier?"

As we said this, Aunt Rosa smiled, looking truly happy.

Rosa: "Thank you, everyone. ...It looks like our meeting will last until very late. So while I'm sorry to burden you like this, I'll be counting on you all to take care of Maria."

Battler: "Hey, Maria, are you sound asleep...? We're going back to the guesthouse." Maria muttered something indistinct, rolled over, and fell back asleep. ...It looked like she was sleeping deeply.

Jessica: "She's really out cold. I'd hate to wake her."

George: "Right, I'll carry her."

Maria's body was much lighter than it looked. I lifted her up and put her on George-aniki's back.

It was raining hard outside, and Aniki couldn't hold an umbrella and carry Maria at the same time. It looked like Aunt Rosa would come with us as far as the guesthouse to help out.

However, when she heard Uncle Krauss's voice call out to her, she had no choice but to return.

Rosa: "...Now that's a problem. I have to go back now."

Shannon: "...Is everyone returning to the guesthouse?" After we left the hall on the way to the entrance, the door to the servant room opened and Shannon-chan stepped out.

Shannon: "It has grown very dark, so allow me to guide you."

Rosa: "That would be great, Shannon-chan. George-kun is going to carry Maria there. Could you hold an umbrella for him?"

Shannon: "Yes, certainly."

Shannon-chan brought umbrellas for each of us and a flashlight to guide the way.

As we opened the front door, the downpour was quite terrific. It looked like we wouldn't have any spare time to take a pleasant walk and enjoy the nighttime rose garden...

Battler: "Aniki, is she too heavy? Want me to carry her?"

George: "It's okay. I can at least carry Maria-chan."

Rosa: "...I'm truly grateful. Please take care of Maria."

Jessica: "Sure, you got it. Then I guess this is goodnight, Aunt Rosa."

Shannon: "Then I will see them over there and return here."

Rosa: "Yes, please..." Aunt Rosa watched us leave.

Rosa: "...Maria, ...I'm sorry for everything..."

Rosa's mumbling voice didn't reach the person in question, nor any of the kids, but disappeared beneath the sound of the rain...

After cutting through the rainy rose garden, we arrived at the guesthouse.

Battler: "Ahh, if only I'd applied for the position of Maria-carrier! Then I would've gotten a chance to have Shannon-chan's huge boobs rubbing all over my arm!"

George: "Th-Th-Th-That's not why I did it, it's a misunderstanding...!"

Shannon: "I-I thought that if I didn't walk like this, George-sama would get all wet..."

Jessica: "C'mon, quit babbling and go in!" After being urged on by Jessica, we folded up our umbrellas and went into the guesthouse.

Shannon: "Has anyone gotten their clothes wet? I can bring some towels if you want..."

Battler: "You don't need to worry about us that much. Thanks, Shannon-chan."

George: "Ah, that's right. We were planning to play cards or something. Would you care to join us for a bit?"

Jessica: "Huh? Who had the night shift on today's schedule?"

Shannon: "I believe we had a special schedule during the family conference. Also, I think a few alterations have been made, so I will go and check..."

Battler: "Wait, if you have to go all the way back to the mansion to find out, don't force yourself."

Shannon: "Oh, that's all right. I can find out from the servant room in the guesthouse. ...Please excuse me for a short while." Shannon-chan gave a quick bow and went into the guesthouse servant room.

The rest of us headed for the cousins' room and decided to put Maria to bed for the time being.

Maria was sleeping very deeply, and there was absolutely no sign of her eyes opening...

For now, we'd get some soft drinks out of the room's refrigerator and drink those while playing cards or something...

Shannon: "...Oh, Kanon-kun? And you're here too, Genji-sama. ...What has happened with tonight's shift...?"

Kanon: "...Krauss-sama has given an order. He made some sizable changes to the shift schedule."

Genji: "...Indeed. Gohda-san now has the night shift at the mansion. Shannon and Kanon have the night shift in the guesthouse. Kumasawa-san and I have been ordered to sleep in the guesthouse... Just now, a phone call came, saying that once you arrived, you were also to remain here for the rest of the night."

Shannon: "Huh...? Th-That certainly is a sizable change... The shifts at the guesthouse and the mansion have been completely reversed, haven't they...?"

Originally, Shannon and Kanon had been assigned the night shift in the mansion, while the night shift in the guesthouse, where all of the relatives were staying, had been assigned to Gohda, who had an abundance of experience in entertaining.

Kumasawa should have been sleeping at the guesthouse, while Genji should have been sleeping in the mansion. However, it seemed that Krauss had suddenly ordered that the schedule be modified.

...The shifts at the guesthouse and the mansion had all been reversed, and Genji was spending the night in the guesthouse.

Kanon: "...It's probably because of Beatrice-sama's letter."

Shannon: "...Why probably?"

Kanon: "...After such a mysterious letter appeared, it was only natural that Krauss-sama would suspect one of us. ...We serve directly under the Master, so Krauss-sama tried as best he could to keep us far away from the family conference."

Genji, Shannon, and Kanon were all permitted to wear the Ushiromiya family crest, the `One-Winged Eagle', as the servants who served directly under Kinzo.

Of course, since they were working for the Ushiromiya family, they had to obey anyone's orders, but their only boss was Kinzo. Since only Kinzo held the right to employ them, even Krauss could not have them dismissed of his own accord.

Because of this, Krauss and the others often viewed these servants as Kinzo's underlings and shunned them.

And in fact, Kinzo seldom let anyone other than them enter his study. This sudden shift change was probably a clear expression of the sense of mistrust that had caused.

Considering the time Kinzo had left to live, this would definitely be the last family conference before the problem of the inheritance came up.

On top of that, the mysterious letter that claimed to be from Beatrice had dropped in out of the blue.

Krauss definitely wanted to keep Kinzo's loyal subjects away from the table of such a delicate and important discussion...

Genji: "...If you would excuse me, I will go rest. ...If anything happens, call me immediately. Our guest tonight is *a special case*, after all."

""Yes, certainly, Genji-sama.""

Genji nodded back, went behind a screen, took off his jacket, and slowly began to relax after a day's worth of tension...

Kanon: "...The ones who just returned now, were they the children...?"

Shannon: "Yes. The other relatives are having a conference in the mansion. It looked like it would drag on for quite some time..."

Kanon: "...Then we've got it easy. It's already this late, and there's this weather. The rest of the relatives will probably spend the night in their rooms in the mansion."

Shannon: "Yes, probably... I'm only saying this because Genji-sama isn't around, but I'm a little happy I was sent to the guesthouse...I guess..."

Kanon: "Oh...? Why's that? Because you can stay away from Madam and Eva-sama, those bullies? ...Or do you have another reason?"

Shannon: "...I-It's not as though I have... ...a-another reason...!"

Kanon: "...I see. Then, let's do our best together with our night shift. I'm counting on you, Nee-san."

Shannon: "Ah, ...umm... Just now, I was asked to go to the children's room and play with them..."

Shannon hung her head apologetically, ...gazing at Kanon uncertainly. Kanon didn't try to meet her eyes, and spoke curtly as he sighed. It looked like he didn't plan on indulging his `sister'.

Kanon: "...You can't. You were assigned to the night shift. ...Besides which, it isn't necessary for furniture like us to respond to an invitation to play. ...You understand, right?"

Shannon: "Y-Yes, I do understand. ...Nnnn." Shannon's shoulders drooped slightly.

...She had already expected that Kanon, a stickler for rules, would say something like that, but she still seemed a little discouraged.

As Kanon flipped through a log book, he spoke without facing Shannon.

Kanon: "...That means the children will be waiting for you. You'll have to apologize and tell them you have the night shift and won't be able to stay with them. ...Go and come back."

Shannon: "Huh, ...ah, yes! I'll go apologize and come back..."

Shannon hurriedly stood from her seat before her brother's mood could change and flew out of the servant room after giving a quick bow...

As he watched her go, Kanon took a single deep breath... Genji's voice came from beyond the screen.

Genji: "...Kanon, ...I will be here, so you can go too."

Kanon: "Genji-sama, ...Shannon was the only one called. It's not as though I was invited..."

Genji: "That is only because you were not there at the time. If you had been, you would have been invited as well. ...It is good to play as a child from time to time."

Kanon: "... ...No, such a thing is not necessary for me. ...Human children may have a need to play, ...but we are...furniture."

Genji: "...Is that so?"

Kanon: "...Nee-san is also... furniture. ...Even if she pretends to be a person, ...it will only hurt her later. ...I understand that, so I try not to get too close to people, that's all."

Genji did not say anything after that.

...After a while, he stood up and used a pot of hot water to make powdered cocoa, serving some to Kanon as well.

Battler: "Is that for real?!?! I had no clue...!!"

Jessica: "Dumbass, you're too loud! You'll wake Maria up!" Battler was so surprised that he yelled obnoxiously and scattered his cards everywhere.

His voice caused Maria to turn over once, but she soon fell back into a deep sleep...

Jessica gave him a jab, and he lowered his voice.

Battler: "Still, seriously, ...now that you mention it, they really did have that kind of atmosphere, didn't they...? ...Haah, now I see, so George-aniki is..."

George couldn't be seen anywhere in the room. A short while ago, when Shannon came into the room, George suddenly said that he'd forgotten something in the mansion and needed to go back and get it.

Shannon said she would guide him, just like she had on the way to the guesthouse, and the two of them departed together.

Jessica: "...Well, there's actually been signs of it for a while now. You know, questions about hobbies and favorite things. I always thought it was a bit much for a passing interest, ...and look what's happened now!"

Battler: "Come to think of it, I get the feeling George-aniki's always been overly nice to Shannon-chan... Now I get it..."

George: "According to the weather report, it looks like it'll be at its worst tonight. It also seems it'll last all day tomorrow, though it should get a little better."

Shannon: "...Really? Then, maybe the boat won't arrive until the day after tomorrow... ...I hope that doesn't interfere with your work on Monday..."

George: "Hahaha, I already knew the typhoon would be coming beforehand. Just in case, I made sure I didn't have any plans for Monday, so it's okay. ...I may not look it, but I really am the type who can plan ahead in his schedule."

George puffed out his chest, acting proud.

Compared to the calm appearance George always had as the oldest cousin, he now looked amusingly like a little kid.

Shannon chuckled at this abrupt contrast.

Shannon: "It's no surprise you're so well prepared, as someone who'll bring prosperity to his company someday."

George: "...Well, making a company prosper really is a tough job. Money isn't the only thing that's important. I learned that well when studying under my father. Making a company prosper is like owning a castle and leading your subordinates."

George: "My dad really loves reading about great leaders during the warring periods of Japan, a hobby that's probably influenced by the fact that he shares Toyotomi Hideyoshi's name. Much of his philosophy on managing businesses comes from talking about them. ...Did you know? Takeda Shingen, who was feared as the leader of the strongest cavalry corps in the warring periods, started out with his troops in complete disarray...and didn't have the kind of strong leadership necessary to utilize them well."

Shannon: "Is that true? That's a little unexpected."

George: "In order to unite his troops, Shingen showed his excellent leadership in many ways. For example, when a soldier succeeded well in battle, he would immediately honor them with a medal. Normally, that kind of thing was put off until after the war, and they were all awarded at once."

George: "He continued this diligently while on the field of battle, and immediately showing his appreciation for his troops' military exploits motivated them in an extremely significant fashion. Also, whenever one of his troops was brought down by an illness, he would be the first to rush up to them and care for them, and so on. ...Takeda Shingen wasn't just the man who led the strongest calvary corps in the warring period. He was the person who cared the most for his troops throughout the warring period."

Shannon: "...And because he was that kind of person, all of his troops went along with him."

The truth was, Shannon had already heard this story several years ago. ...But whenever a discussion of his father led to this sort of topic, George would always glow and look like he was having a great time.

So Shannon just smiled without interrupting, urging him to continue.

George: "Of course, in a capitalist world, money determines both your strength and the height of your fortifications. But you can't build up a castle or succeed in war by yourself. Such things can only be accomplished with the support of many subordinates, by borrowing their strength. ...After understanding this, when I look at my father's back, I realize how immature I am. I can clearly see how much competition he had to overcome before building up all he has now."

Shannon: "George-sama, you truly look up to your father... I'm jealous."

George: "A-Ah, sorry, ...that's not how I meant it."

Shannon: "I-I'm sorry, ...that's not how I meant it either..." The two of them awkwardly looked at their feet.

Shannon had no parents. She had been brought up in an orphanage owned by Kinzo, called the Fukuin (福音) House.

Under the guidance of Kinzo, their honorary director, the orphanage offered members who excelled a chance for on-the-job serving experience. If their efforts met with Kinzo's approval, they'd be able to leave the orphanage and work as servants for the Ushiromiya family.

...This was considered to be the highest honor for those who lived in the orphanage.

Servants from the Fukuin House all took names with the character `on' (音) in them while they served.

So `Shannon' (紗音) wasn't her real name. The same went for `Kanon' (嘉音).

All of the members of the Fukuin House were orphans. At least, they were all people who had been separated from their parents under special circumstances.

...Because of this, the orphans had been taught to think of each other as their only family. That's why it seemed so natural to both of them when Kanon called Shannon his sister.

And while both Shannon and Kanon were working in the mansion today, there were several other servants possessing the `音' character in their names, such as Manon (眞音) and Lenon (恋音), who often worked in a rotation schedule.

...However, there were not many servants who stayed with the Ushiromiya family for long. It was standard for them to quit after three years.

So you could probably say that Shannon, who had been working for ten years, was a notable exception to the rule.

Working as a servant for the Ushiromiya family was a heavy burden to bear, but the pay wasn't bad at all.

Working for a full three years would earn more than what was needed to enter mainstream society.

That was why, even though the orphans realized what a harsh task working for the Ushiromiya family was, they still hoped to be accepted.

Maybe the fact that Shannon managed to continue working for ten years...wasn't because she had more willpower than the other servants.

Maybe she'd gotten stuck working for ten years because she didn't have the courage to say she wanted to quit.

Kinzo couldn't even trust his own blood relatives, and those `excellent' servants sent from the Fukuin House were the only ones he could rely on.

Because of that, Kinzo would sometimes allow them to wear the family crest, as servants under his direct control, and have them work close to him...

George: "...Err, ...um, you've been working here for almost ten years now, right? You must've saved up a lot of money by now."

Shannon: "I wonder... It's not like there's anything in particular I'd like to buy... After all, a few million yen isn't enough to live off for the rest of your life..."

George: "So, the reason you've been working all this time wasn't to hit some target sum?"

Shannon: "...Y-Yes, that's right. ...I have nowhere to go outside this mansion. ...And I have been getting along well with Milady and the other young servants... ...The Madam does scold me sometimes, ...but caring for the roses and cleaning the mansion is fun..."

George: "But that can't be your entire life, Shannon-chan... no, Sayo(紗代)-chan."

Shannon: "...Umm..." Shannon cast her eyes downwards when she heard her real name... She understood what George was trying to say and fell silent.

George: "There's something I've learned, as I continue to study even after becoming an adult and a full-fledged member of society. ...A human's life is not as monotonous or short as we thought when we were kids."

All school-aged kids have certain fears they can't shake.

...They wonder whether they'll live the rest of their lives like sleepy classes after a monotonous and boring school day, spending their time in a carefree laziness without anything interesting happening until it's all over...

However, life's only like that for underage students.

Compared to a human's life, the time they spend as students is nothing more than a blink of the eye, a period where they break through the shells of their immaturity.

The inside of the shell might be a hot, suffocating and boring world, but the world beyond that shell is vast and filled with limitless possibilities.

George: "So far, your life has been trapped inside the shell called Shannon. I think you're under the mistaken impression that your life will continue like this forever."

Shannon: "That's... ..."

Shannon couldn't deny those words.

...She'd been unable to harbor any clear doubts about her lifestyle, and since she never had any hope or goals for changing herself, she'd lazily continued living the way she always had.

...And if asked whether this life was satisfying, ...she wouldn't have been able to nod...

She may have been intentionally averting her eyes from the truth.

...Without George's admonishments, she would have continued pretending not to notice as her real life slipped away bit by bit, neglected...

Shannon: "...George-sama, ...is it... wrong for me to continue living...this way?"

George: "Yeah, it is. Oh, and by the way, didn't you break one of our rules just now?" George immediately gave a strict answer, then broke out into a mischievous smile.

Shannon already knew what she was being chided for, ...and she hung her head again, apparently embarrassed.

George: "Didn't you promise not to use `sama' when the two of us are alone...?"

Shannon: "...I-I couldn't obey that as a promise. ...But, if it was an order, I would have to obey it... Because I'm...furniture."

George: "Then it's an order."

Shannon: "Umm, ...yes. ...Certainly, ...George-san." As Shannon hung her head, her face red, she said George's name again, this time following it with `san'...

George: "Yes, that's fine, Sayo-chan." George smiled at Shannon...no, Sayo...to praise her small act of bravery.

This short exchange alone made it clear how far back their relationship must have stretched...

For a long while, the two talked as if the weather raging about them didn't even enter their thoughts. They talked about the many memories they'd built during their relationship that no one else knew about.

Every once in a while, a flash of lightning would attempt to interrupt them, but this could sully neither the roses nor the time they spent blushing at each other...

George: "...Th-That's right. ...I have something I wanted to show you."

Shannon: "...Wh-What could it be?"

George, who had been speaking eloquently, suddenly started to stutter. Watching him, Shannon seemed to guess something.

George timidly searched through his pocket. Something got caught in the depths of his pocket, and just like the stuttering George, it took a little while to get it out.

It was a very small box. A small box covered in a deep blue velvet. ...That peculiar shape was enough to tell anyone what was resting inside.

Shannon had prepared her heart somewhat, certain beforehand that this was what he'd been planning. But even so, when she actually saw it, she couldn't avoid blushing once more...

George opened the small box, took something out, ...and held it out for Shannon to take.

George: "I want you to take this."

Shannon: "...I-I, umm, couldn't accept something so valuable...!"

George: "...You can't take it...?"

Shannon: "N-No, umm, ...I'm... unworthy... o-of such a thing..."

George: "Sayo, this isn't a request. ...It's an order. Take this ring. ...Okay?"

Shannon: "Ah, ...u... I-If it's an order, ...I cannot disobey..."

George: "Yeah, that's right. ...Well done."

Shannon, not wanting to show her bright red face, timidly accepted the ring from George's hand while still staring at the ground...

That ring wasn't a simple accessory.

It was a noble object, meant since ancient times to be offered to a special woman under special circumstances. ...Therefore, while George could order her to take it, he could not order anything beyond that.

Anything beyond that would depend, not on an order, but on Shannon's...no, Sayo's own will.

George: "So, from here on, I'm not ordering you anymore. ...Sayo, I want you to give me your answer by tomorrow, without using words. ...Do you understand?"

Shannon: "...Err, ...h-how should I..."

George: "I won't order you any further, so this isn't an order, ...but a ring is something you put on your finger, after all. ...If you like it, you can just put it on any finger you choose."

Shannon had only pretended not to know. She already understood what he wanted her to do.

...But she was standing at a huge crossroads of her life...

George: "...Look how late it's gotten. Let's call it a day." George turned away from Shannon, acting just a bit bluntly.

George: "I could probably order you to wear it on your left hand. You might be timid and dependent enough to actually obey that kind of an order. ...But I want at least this last step...to be done by your own will, Sayo. ...Understand?"

Shannon: "...Y- Yes."

George: "So, ...that's my order. ...I want you to think about it well tonight and show me your answer tomorrow."

Shannon: "..." Shannon nodded back.

...Today was the culmination of their many days spent together. ...This moment certainly hadn't come as a surprise to Shannon...

George: "...We should be getting back to the guesthouse soon. If we take any longer, we'll make everyone worry about us."

Shannon: "...Oh, ...umm... ...I'm sorry, I...! Um, I just remembered something I had to do in the mansion, so, ...uh, ...I have to go back to the mansion..."

George: "At a time like this? ...Is that true?" George stared into Shannon's face as he laughed mischievously. He definitely saw through Shannon's lie.

...However, when he saw how she felt, he could sort of understand that she might be so embarrassed that she'd want to be alone.

So, because George realized the meaning behind Shannon's lie, he accepted it.

# Chapter 9
# label: *umi1_9
# Servant room. Eyecatch: October 4 (Sat) 24:00 → October 5 06:00.

Shannon entered the entrance hall to the mansion with a tottering gait.

A mixture of exaltation and uncertainty gave her a feeling that she couldn't easily describe. It swelled up in her chest until it felt like she was about to burst.

After stopping for a second in front of the servant room to take a deep breath and calm her heart, she opened the door.

Inside, Gohda, who had been ordered to take the midnight shift at the mansion tonight, was absorbed in a worn-out crossword puzzle magazine.

He looked up for an instant to see if one of the family had come, but when he realized it was a fellow servant, he returned to his puzzle as if nothing had happened.

Shannon: "...Umm, ...Genji-sama told me to come and help you."

Gohda: "Ah, is that so...? That's a relief. I was just about to go check that the mansion was fully locked up, but I felt uneasy about leaving this room unmanned. After all, Krauss-sama and the others' meeting looks as though it will continue for quite some time. They might request some tea at any moment."

Shannon: "That's true... Then, what shall we do...? Should I watch over-"

Gohda: "In that case, forgive me, Shannon-san, but I'll ask that you patrol the mansion. I will stay here, awaiting the family's orders."

Shannon: "...Y-Yes..."

...Shannon was slightly disgusted.

Even though she'd come here to help out as a favor, she was casually being forced to do the job of the person actually on duty.

Furthermore, after one-sidedly forcing that task on her, Gohda returned to his magazine once again and became immersed in his crossword puzzle.

Shannon bowed her head as a token sign of respect for her elder, then left the room to patrol the mansion.

Thanks to her being a bit ticked off, she managed to suppress that floaty feeling she'd been having until just now.

And anyway, she couldn't let Genji or Kanon see her looking like this. She wanted a little time to herself until her heart calmed down, so maybe going on patrol wouldn't be so bad...

She began to hear the tumultuous voices of the family discussion coming from the dining hall.

Someone was speaking at great length, only to be interrupted by someone else. This second person also began to speak in a very long, drawn-out fashion, until yet another person interrupted.

That kept on repeating. It was as though their displeasure was seeping out through their voices.

She had been told to go to the guesthouse, so it would be bad if Krauss discovered her. Thinking this, Shannon dashed past the dining hall.

Then, she went along a prearranged route through the dark mansion, checking that all the locks were secure.

She walked down the hall, checking each window.

There were no humans on Rokkenjima other than those connected to the family, so locking up didn't really serve much of a purpose.

No one had been in the habit of locking up at the Ushiromiya Head Family, at least not until Natsuhi had scolded them for being careless.

The metal fixtures on the windows were ice cold, and as she checked them one by one, the glow in her heart seemed to cool down.

Shannon: "...?"

At that time, she thought she saw something twinkling across the hall.

...Twinkling? How could anything be twinkling through the darkness of the hall...?

She figured she must've been imagining it, but she still held her breath. Grasping a curtain, she fearfully gazed down the hall...

However, other than the occasional crack of thunder brightening the hallway, she was unable to glimpse any flicker again.

...It must've been her imagination after all. Maybe her heart was so agitated that she'd seen something that didn't even exist.

Shannon went back to checking the windows... However, a certain unnerving memory was resurrected in the back of her mind.

...It was that ghost story...which had been passed down amongst the servants who served the Ushiromiya Head Family.

The mansion had two different Masters, one of the Day and one of the Night. ...Beatrice, the Master of the night, would sometimes fly around the mansion in the form of sparkling butterflies. That was the story.

...Come to think of it, didn't Kanon-kun once say he'd seen it with his own eyes...? Though he got sulky when I said he must've imagined it and refused to believe him...

...Could it possibly...be true...? The roar of the thunder gave no answer...

# Chapter 10
# label: *umi1_10
# October 5 morning. Eyecatch: October 5 (Sun) 08:30 → 08:45.

Genji tightened his bow tie and looked outside through a crack in the curtains.

Maybe the rain had died down a tiny bit since the previous night. ...But the thick rainclouds didn't seem like they'd be letting any trace of the morning sun get by.

The morning was dim and far from refreshing.

Genji: "...It seems it will last all day after all."

Kanon: "Sorry for keeping you waiting, Genji-sama."

Kanon finished checking his appearance and exited the washroom. On their normal schedule, it was rare for anyone to have to suffer going straight from a midnight shift to an early morning shift. They were on a special schedule for the two days of the family conference.

However, unless the typhoon passed today, the relatives' stay on this island would last until tomorrow. Kanon thought it best to be prepared for the special schedule to last an extra day.

The two of them left the guesthouse, opening their umbrellas. The rose garden had been devastated by the wind and rain on the previous night.

Even though they'd spent several days making it beautiful to welcome the guests, one stormy night was enough to ruin it.

Kanon sighed.

The two headed for the mansion. They were supposed to meet up with Gohda and prepare breakfast.

Gohda was such a perfectionist that he had probably already woken up, and was probably already preparing a breakfast as exquisite and elegant as glasswork.

They reached the overhang by the entrance to the mansion and folded up their umbrellas.

Genji took a bundle of several keys from his pocket and unlocked the front door.

The Ushiromiya family mansion was the only thing on Rokkenjima, so in the past, they hadn't been in the habit of locking up. However, Natsuhi had ordered that the mansion be locked up from midnight to early morning.

Ever since then, unlocking the door in the early morning had become part of the servants' morning shift.

This task had been given to Genji and Kanon, so that Gohda could start preparing breakfast as soon as he woke up.

Silence had fallen in the mansion, giving the impression that the mansion itself was still asleep.

Genji: "...Well then, let us begin the morning chores."

Kanon: "Yes, sir."

The two of them split up and began opening the curtains throughout the mansion.

...If the curtains stayed closed, the mansion would remain enveloped in faint darkness, as though it was still trapped in the previous night.

Following a well-rehearsed procedure, Kanon went around the mansion, opening the curtains for one window after another without having to retrace his steps once.

Even with this horrible weather, drawing the curtains made it feel just a little bit like morning.

While doing that, he passed in front of the kitchen.

...Even though he hadn't smelled anything yet, his stomach started aching for some of Gohda's prized cooking.

Kanon: "...Good morning. ...?" He tried to greet Gohda, who should have been getting breakfast ready, but Gohda was nowhere to be seen.

The kitchen was darkly lit, and not only were the curtains not open, but the fan wasn't even running. It was still cold, without any trace of a fire being lit, so of course there were no signs of breakfast being made either.

...Though it would have been inexcusable, perhaps Gohda had overslept.

Even servants are only human. They sometimes sleep in and show up late.

...In the rare case that such a thing happens, it's part of a servant's code to hide the unsightly scene before anyone notices, smoothly cover it up, and make sure the family never even realizes that anything has gone wrong.

Kanon took the receiver of the phone that had been fitted to the wall and dialed the number for the extension line in the servant sleeping room.

Kanon: "...?" ...He couldn't hear that characteristic sound of a dial tone.

Kanon tried picking up the receiver again, but even so, he couldn't hear the usual dial tone.

He tried dialing again, but it had no apparent effect.

...Could the lightning last night have damaged some machine, breaking the extension line?

The equipment in this mansion was all worn out. Kanon fully understood that even the smallest thing could have caused it to break down.

He gave up trying to wake Gohda with the phone and dashed over to the servant sleeping room.

...How long has it been since I stopped sleeping and started lazily staring up at the ceiling? ...That vague sense of awakening was part of Natsuhi's usual morning experience.

She always slept lightly, and she couldn't sleep at all without medicine. ...To Natsuhi, sleep was definitely not a happy thing.

When she looked outside, she saw that it was still pouring. If she hadn't sensed a tiny amount of light, she might have mistakenly thought that it was still the previous night.

...She herself was one of the hosts, so she mustn't wake up later than her guests.

Urging herself on, she raised up her body, which still hadn't completely recovered from yesterday's weariness.

No one would torment her as long as she remained inside this room. And her headache wouldn't get any worse here. ...This room was the only place she could find peace.

So when she left, it meant returning to the world where her husband's siblings kept trying to stab each other in the back.

...In that case, wouldn't it be better to just stay locked up in this room forever...? That ridiculous notion brought a bitter smile to Natsuhi's face. ...She was starting to sound like Kinzo.

...Though she often complained about Kinzo staying locked up in his own room and refusing to attend to everyone else, the truth was that she longed to do the same.

...Natsuhi gave her head a small shake, and her fantasy was replaced by the reawakening of her usual headache.

When she reached for the doorknob, trying to leave the room, her hand touched the scorpion charm that she had hung from it before going to sleep the previous night.

...It was Maria's charm, which Natsuhi had received from Jessica.

Didn't Jessica say something about it having the power to repel magic, telling her to hang it from her doorknob?

...Maybe it was thanks to the charm that at least this room had been protected from the malice of her husband's siblings. ...As she thought this, her mood began to get a little more cheerful.

Natsuhi: "...I wonder if I have Jessica to thank...for the little bit of peaceful sleep I managed to receive..." Then Natsuhi remembered. That's right, last night, I promised Jessica that I'd give her a charm of my own in exchange for this one, didn't I?

Natsuhi opened a drawer on her dresser and took out an antique accessory case that she had treasured when she was a child.

Inside, there were many small objects that Natsuhi had thought were valuable at the time.

From amidst those, she pulled out a red pouch. ...Inside was a small, round mirror about 10cm across.

It looked quite old, but the design on the back of the mirror was very ornate, and it felt like something with historical value.

At the very least, it seemed much more authentic than the other charm, which looked like a plastic scorpion keychain.

She had heard that this was a spiritual mirror for warding off evil spirits, and she had been given it specially by her Grandmother when her Grandfather's mementos had been distributed.

It had been believed since long ago that a strange power resided in this mirror. Perhaps people thought it could reflect calamity and malice in the same way it reflected light.

Natsuhi returned the mirror to its pouch. ...It would probably be a fitting object to hand over to Jessica.

Just as she was placing it in her pocket, the sound of someone knocking on the door suddenly echoed throughout the room.

Natsuhi: "...Yes?"

Genji: "Good morning, Madam, it is Genji. My apologies for waking you so early."

Natsuhi: "...I'm coming now. What is it?"

No servant had ever come to her this early in the morning, nor had they come to wake her in person.

...Perhaps something bad had happened.

Maybe some fatal oversight had been made while preparing breakfast, something that would shame the household in front of their guests.

...Natsuhi took a deep breath in anticipation for whatever troubles she was about to hear of...

When she opened the door, Genji once again gave a morning greeting while bowing deeply. Natsuhi tentatively responded.

Natsuhi: "...Good morning. Did something happen?"

Genji: "My apologies. ...It would seem that the telephones have broken down due to the lightning last night. ...The extension telephone isn't working, so please forgive my coming to see you directly."

Natsuhi: "The extension telephone isn't working? That will be troublesome. Will it be possible to fix it?"

Genji: "...I am afraid we don't know the location of the damage. Later on, I would like to call in an expert and have him repair it."

Natsuhi: "Does that mean we'll be unable to have it repaired until after the typhoon passes? ...Then it will remain broken down for the duration of our guests' stay. ...Will that hamper our efforts to care for our guests?"

Genji: "...We will do all we can to ensure there are no problems."

Natsuhi: "Very well. ...I'm counting on you to make sure we have no blunders."

Natsuhi let out a small sigh of relief.

She had been prepared for the worst, but damage to the telephones wasn't the kind of trouble she was worried about.

...Then again, even this would probably be enough to spark sarcasm from Eva.

Natsuhi gave her head a light shake.

Natsuhi: "Are the preparations for breakfast proceeding well?"

Genji: "...As to that, ...we haven't been able to find Gohda. The arrangements for breakfast have yet to be carried out..."

Natsuhi: "What did you say?"

Natsuhi was indignant.

To her, this was a much bigger problem than the phones not working.

And despite that, this piece of information was the part that had been postponed.

Why did everything go well most of the time, and then come to something like this when the relatives were visiting...? Natsuhi put her hand to her forehead and shook her head.

Natsuhi: "Well, I suppose he slept in. At any rate, just see to it that someone hurries up and prepares breakfast; I don't care who. ...Wha-"

Natsuhi exited into the hall and turned around for a second to close the door to her room. The creepy `thing' she saw there silenced her completely.

...It was an unpleasant sight, as though someone had dipped their fingers in a reddish-black liquid and scratched at the door around the doorknob.

It was probably some sort of awful prank... arranged by some person who wanted to make it look as though they'd tried to force the door with bloody hands.

Natsuhi: "...Wh- What sort of prank is this...? How awful...!"

Genji: "...I also just noticed it as I came to call you. I will clean it later."

Natsuhi: "...P-Perhaps... this is a vulgar joke by one of the guests. ...Disgusting, truly disgusting...!"

Who in the world would pull such a childish and disgusting prank?!

Natsuhi had a pretty good idea, but of course there was no proof, so even if she pushed the issue, it would just seem as though she was making a fuss about nothing.

In fact, it would surely be better to act as though she hadn't even realized that such a prank had been played on her.

Natsuhi gave the order to have it cleaned and headed off to the parlor with a squeak of her heels.

When Natsuhi and Genji arrived in the parlor, Eva and Hideyoshi were already there.

Natsuhi: "...Good morning, everyone."

Hideyoshi: "Mornin', Natsuhi-san. I heard Gohda-san would be makin' us breakfast too. My stomach's been gettin' all excited since I woke up. Wahahaha."

Eva: "After all, it seems food is all you can look forward to at the Head Family Household. *giggle*giggle*."

Natsuhi: "...I'm pleased to see that you too are in high spirits so early in the morning, Eva-san."

With a weary expression, Natsuhi returned Eva's gaze, which was fiercely competitive despite the early hour.

Then Kanon jogged in.

After bowing in apology to the relatives for running inside the mansion, he noticed Genji and told him something in a small voice.

Natsuhi: "...Kanon, have you still not found Gohda?"

Kanon: "...My apologies, Madam. I went all over the inside of the mansion and the guesthouse, ...but I still haven't found him..."

Natsuhi: "Where in the world has he gone? ...At any rate, breakfast is a higher priority than finding Gohda right now. See to it immediately."

Kanon: "...Yes."

Kanon glanced at Genji. ...It seemed he had something else to report, but was uncertain whether or not the words should come from him.

...Genji nodded and decided to give the report himself.

Genji: "...Madam, it is not only Gohda. ...Your husband is also nowhere to be found."

Natsuhi: "My husband?"

Genji: "Yes. Even before visiting you, I went to his room to tell him that breakfast wasn't being prepared, but I did not find him there. Furthermore, he is not the only one missing. ...Rudolf-sama, his wife, and Rosa-sama are nowhere to be found."

Natsuhi: "Not in the guesthouse? Nor the mansion?"

Kanon: "...Yes. They were not in their rooms in the guesthouse either."

When she'd heard that Gohda alone was missing, she'd assumed he had slept in or was loafing around somewhere. However, now that she'd learned that several of the relatives were also nowhere to be seen, she began to take a slightly more optimistic view.

Could last night's family conference have continued all night, up until the present moment?

If so, they might have wanted to cool their heads after being shut in a stuffy room, going out for walks on their own through the rain.

...The part about `cooling their heads' really sounded like something Krauss would say. Gohda had probably been summoned to accompany them and aid them in some way.

Gohda was not a man who lost track of time. He had to understand that preparations for breakfast would be hindered if he did not return.

However, maybe the family conference had continued until this very moment... with an atmosphere that would make it hard for anyone to slip out.

...Yes, that theory would be quite convincing for Natsuhi.

She remembered the illusion she'd felt that morning, as though the previous night had never ended. ...When she learned that the feeling wasn't just an illusion, she once again took a deep, weary breath.

After all, that banquet of filthy vultures circling Kinzo's property was still going on.

Natsuhi: "...Perhaps they are still discussing the inheritance somewhere in the garden, or maybe the beach. ...At any rate, if we don't call Gohda back, we'll never be able to begin preparations for breakfast."

Hideyoshi: "So what're you sayin'? ...Are Nii-san and the rest still continuin' their discussion...?!"

She had planned to say it in a small voice, but Hideyoshi overheard Natsuhi and managed to grasp the situation.

Eva: "Nii-san and Rudolf sure are tough. Maybe it's just youth in Rosa's case? ...Just a bit after midnight, the two of us were so tired that we headed back to bed, though I do remember that Nii-san and the rest were still having a heated discussion at that point. ...Men certainly are unpleasant when they get all fired up." Natsuhi snorted, her face still blank.

Natsuhi: "Kanon, search outside. If you find Gohda, tell him to return immediately and begin preparing breakfast."

Kanon: "...Certainly."

Eva: "Natsuhi nee-san, we don't know for sure that they're outside, do we? Couldn't they also be inside Father's study?"

Hideyoshi: "...I see, that's certainly possible. I don't know what path their conversation took, but there's certainly a chance they moved to Father's study and let him in on the discussion."

Natsuhi: "...I can't imagine that Father would willingly let them bring such a detestable topic into his study."

Eva: "You really think so? Well then, there's nothing we can do. I'm sorry, Genji-san and Kanon-kun, but could you search outside? It wouldn't be that strange for Nii-san to suggest they go outside for a walk to cool their heads. Even in this weather. I'll go to Father's study. Who knows, they might actually be there after all."

Natsuhi: "...Eva-san, I couldn't ask a guest like you to exert herself so. I will go. I can also wish him a good morning while I'm at it."

Eva: "Oh, then I'll leave it in your hands. Though I somehow doubt he'll return your greeting. Natsuhi nee-san, have you always been on such good terms with Father?"

Natsuhi: "...I don't know whether you could call it that, but I am sure that I have gained his trust as the wife of the Successor to the Ushiromiya family."

Eva: "Then I'm sure he'll at least answer you, right? I'd like to at least have breakfast with Father. Do you think you could convince him to come down and join us? ...It seems that he thoroughly despises the rest of us, but I'm sure he'll listen to you, if he trusts you that much."

Eva: "...After speaking so boldly, if you're unable to convince Father and come down alone, then I doubt you'll ever be able to claim that you've earned his trust again. *giggle*giggle*giggle*!"

Natsuhi: "...I am not confident, but I will try." Natsuhi responded, looking discouraged. However, knowing Kinzo's temperament, she had absolutely no confidence in her ability to bring him out.

...Eva was clearly mocking her, confident that Natsuhi wouldn't be able to get Kinzo to come down. But even so, Natsuhi would lose face if she gave up, saying it was impossible and letting Eva go instead...

Eva's mean-spirited and unreasonable demand made Natsuhi clench her fists slightly.

...When Genji realized this, he softly spoke to her over her shoulder.

Genji: "...Madam, please take this, if you would."

Natsuhi: "And this is...?"

Genji handed Natsuhi a sparkling gold key of ornate design. It was the key to Kinzo's study.

The study had an autolock and couldn't be unlocked as long as Kinzo forbade entrance. However, since Genji was especially trusted by Kinzo, he was allowed to carry a key to that door...

Natsuhi: "But if this key is used, won't you also receive the blame...?"

Genji: "...When the Master is sleeping deeply, simply knocking on the door will not suffice. ...And it would be more difficult to persuade the Master to leave his room if you must talk through the door. Please use this..."

Natsuhi: "...Genji..."

Until now, Natsuhi had thought of Genji as a cold servant who wouldn't do anything for her, since he worked directly under Kinzo. But it looked like she would have to alter her understanding of him...

She wanted to communicate her gratitude, but by then, Genji had already turned his back on her and was walking down the corridor with Kanon.

...But as Natsuhi watched them go, the words directed at her from behind were sneering.

Eva: "Well then, you must bring Father with you, okay? After all, it's his son's precious wife who's asking. I'm sure he'll listen to you. *giggle*giggle*giggle* We're guests, so we'll just relax here at our leisure."

Hideyoshi: "Quit it, Eva, you're takin' this too far. Sorry, Natsuhi nee-san, but we're countin' on you to deal with Father..."

Without answering, Natsuhi forcefully spun around on her heels and quickly left that place.

After all that excitement the previous night, there was no way anyone was going to wake up early. George-aniki, Jessica and I were snoring loudly on the beds in the cousins' room.

But Maria, who had gone straight to bed without joining in, was completely awake.

Maria: "..." As she rubbed her sleepy eyes and looked around, she was met with the loud snoring of the other three cousins.

...For a while, Maria had to think about what had happened. After that, she realized that her mother wasn't with her, and she quickly got lonely.

Maria left the cousins' room, trying to head to the room that had been arranged for her and her mother. Paying no heed to the three who were sleeping soundly, she slammed the door shut.

In response, Battler mumbled and rolled over in his sleep, but it wasn't enough to wake him up.

After a while, Maria returned, once again opening the door with a lively bang.

Maria: "...Uu-." When she had left the room, her face had been sleepy, but now that she was back, she looked irritated.

After that, she climbed up on Battler's bed, which happened to be the closest, and started yelling and jumping on it like it was a trampoline.

Maria: "Uu-uu-uu-!! Wa-ke u-p!! Uu-uu-uu-!!"

Battler: "Waaa, what, what?! Is it an enemy raid?! Surround theeem!!"

After making sure I was awake, Maria moved over to George-aniki's bed and started jumping on that too. ...In that manner, the three of us were all greeted with an extremely pleasant awakening.

George: "Thanks for waking us up, Maria-chan. You stopped us from sleeping in after that late night... ...If only you could've been a bit more gentle about it..."

Jessica: "...George nii-san, you really are an adult. I respect that..."

Battler: "It'll be 7:00 soon... Well, it's not really a bad time to wake up. *yaaawn*."

Maria: "Uu-! Mama's not here! Uu-uu-uu-!"

George: "Aunt Rosa? She wasn't in her room? I wonder if she's already woken up and gone to the mansion."

Maria: "Not here!! Uu-uu-! Uu-! Mama! Uu-uu-uu-!!"

Maria kept groaning `uu-uu-' and looking unhappy. She didn't exactly seem lonely because her mother wasn't around. It was more like she was irritated and thrown off balance because her mother wasn't where she'd expected.

If we could just tell her where her mother was, that alone would probably calm her down. But, unfortunately, we had no way of knowing where Aunt Rosa was, except that she wasn't here.

Jessica: "Anyway, it's time for breakfast, so let's head over to the mansion."

Battler: "That's right. Maria, let's go to the mansion together, okay? I'm sure Aunt Rosa will be there too."

Maria: "Uu-? Mama's in the mansion? Then I'll go there. Uu-."

George: "Yeah, guess we should go to the mansion. Our parents have probably already gone there."

Maria regained her usual composure so completely, her earlier tantrum now seemed like a lie. We got dressed, left the room, and headed for the mansion.

Once more, there was a knocking sound on the study door. But there was no answer. `...He seemed to be sleeping still, and I could not wake him.' ...If she went back downstairs and said something like that, Eva would probably be amused and triumphant.

And even putting Eva aside, it was problematic that Kinzo had stayed shut away during this entire once-a-year conference, not even coming down to greet anyone.

Even the Family Head...no, especially the Family Head...couldn't fail to make an appearance.

...I wonder if I can convince him myself? Natsuhi readied herself and used the key that she'd borrowed from Genji to open the door...

Even though she was prepared for the sweet stench, which seemed to eat into one's brain as it poured out the small crack in the door, she couldn't help but grimace.

Thinking that he might still be sleeping, Natsuhi entered the room quietly...

When she did, Kinzo was already awake and looking down out of the window.

Natsuhi: "...S-So you're awake... Good morning..."

Kinzo: "...How did you get in?" Kinzo spoke with his back still facing her.

His voice was not harsh, but calm, and Natsuhi was slightly reassured.

...However, though he was awake, he wouldn't have ignored all that knocking if he was in a good mood.

Natsuhi wasn't able to relax.

Natsuhi: "...My sincere apologies. I asked Genji-san, and he allowed me to borrow the key to the study..."

Kinzo: "Hoh... Genji did? ...If my friend thought it was that important, then I have no choice but to listen. So, ...what business do you have with me?"

Natsuhi: "W-Well, ...breakfast will be ready soon, and I would greatly appreciate it if you would join us..."

Kinzo: "I will eat here. Have it brought here like always."

Natsuhi: "But Father, this family conference happens only once a year. Please, at least let them see your face."

Kinzo: "...Go back downstairs. Are you asking me to join in as they discuss how to chew up my inheritance after I die? How foolish. ...Let them speak of such matters as much as they please without me. And if that's what you call a family conference, it's hardly worth leaving my room for it. I am busy. Do not bother me."

His last words carried the threat that any further questions would be not be appreciated.

...Natsuhi realized that adding any further pleas would finally bring his wrath down upon her. She didn't look forward to facing Eva's sarcasm, but there was nothing more Natsuhi could do...

Natsuhi: "...Is that so...? ...Understood... I am sure everyone will be sorry to hear it, but I will tell them."

Natsuhi decided to give up. Bowing silently, she tried to leave the room before Kinzo's spasmodic temper could flare up.

As she did, Kinzo spoke to her.

...His voice was so calm and gentle, it felt like it came from an entirely different person.

Kinzo: "...Natsuhi, ...it has been quite some time since you married into the Ushiromiya family."

Natsuhi: "...Y-Yes. ...It has been many years since I was first permitted to bear the name Ushiromiya."

Kinzo: "...Do you sometimes long for your previous family?"

Natsuhi: "...No. ...Marriage means abandoning your birth family. I am Ushiromiya Natsuhi. The Ushiromiya family is the only family I can come home to, the only one I am fond of."

She truly wasn't exaggerating. Such was the resolve she felt whenever she applied the Ushiromiya family name to herself.

...And that's precisely why she was so saddened when her husband didn't treat her like an Ushiromiya, leaving her to race about in vain.

Kinzo: "...If Krauss were a woman... and you his husband... ...No, ...I won't say that."

Natsuhi: "...Wh-What do you mean by that, ...Father?"

Natsuhi was shocked. ...If Kinzo's words just now were what they seemed...

...It would've been more than enough to make up for all she'd suffered up to that point.

Kinzo: "...Forget it. It's just the nonsense of an old man." Kinzo once again faced away from her. ...He'd told her to forget it, but Natsuhi couldn't help feeling a warmth in her heart...

Natsuhi: "...Father, ...even though I, Natsuhi, am not connected to you by blood, I am still your daughter. ...I will most assuredly see to it... that your honor and glory, and everything you have left behind... are protected...!"

Kinzo: "...You do not have the right to wear the One-Winged Eagle. ...However, the One-Winged Eagle is surely engraved in your heart. ...That is irrefutable proof that you are my blood relative, one who will inherit the glory of the Ushiromiya family. ...Some will sneer that there is no eagle on your clothes, but such words are not worth lending an ear to. ...Only those who hold the eagle in their hearts are my true blood relatives. ...I now consider it an honor that you were welcomed into the Ushiromiya family..."

Without saying anything more, Kinzo remained with his back to Natsuhi.

However, Natsuhi couldn't help but feel something warm well up inside her that she hadn't felt since long ago, when she had been just a child...

Natsuhi bowed silently to his back and left the room...

Eva: "...Ah, good timing. How is Father? You were taking so long, so I came to check."

When Natsuhi left the study, she saw Eva climbing the stairs, and their eyes met.

Eva was smirking unpleasantly, thinking that Natsuhi would leave drudgingly after failing to convince Kinzo.

However, the way Natsuhi was now, such a frivolous laugh would not disturb her.

...She was not permitted to wear the family crest on her clothing. ...But she was permitted to wear it in her heart. So she spoke calmly, clearly, and confidently...with the dignity of the one who would protect the Ushiromiya family's glory.

Natsuhi: "Father said he would not join in on the family conference. He says he has no interest in discussing such obscene matters."

Eva: "...I figured you'd say something like that. If you failed to persuade Father, just say so."

Natsuhi: "...How pitiful. I'm beginning to see why Father lamented so."

Eva: "...Wh-What do you mean by that...?"

Natsuhi did not answer.

Just as Kinzo had done earlier, she showed Eva her back as she headed down the stairs.

Eva finally realized that she was being made fun of, that something had happened to quickly bolster Natsuhi's confidence.

Even so, she apparently didn't have the courage to risk Kinzo's wrath. Unable to even knock on the door, she could only click her tongue, make a motion as though scratching at it, and follow after Natsuhi.

Eva: "S-So, were Nii-san and the rest there? Did you ask Father about them?"

Natsuhi: "...I didn't get the chance to ask, but they were not inside the study. ...Father would never let them into his room to discuss such a lowly topic, so it is unlikely he knows where they went. Let us go downstairs and wait for the servants to return from their search. ...Breakfast may be late, but how would you like some tea, Eva-san?"

Eva: "...Th-That would be fine."

Eva couldn't hide her confusion at the complete difference in Natsuhi's attitude.

...She was acting so boldly, and while Eva hated to admit it, she even had a sense of dignity about her. Unable to find fault with anything, Eva could only follow Natsuhi back to the parlor.

When the two of them returned to the parlor, Hideyoshi had been joined by the four children and Nanjo. Genji, who had been talking with Hideyoshi, reported the current situation when he noticed that Natsuhi had returned.

Natsuhi: "You still have not found my husband and the rest?"

Genji: "...Yes, my apologies. ...Also, Kumasawa has started preparing breakfast. She said that she will need just a little longer."

The clock read a little past 8:00.

8:00 should have been the time to start breakfast. Normally, going over that time limit would be a disgrace to the host.

Genji: "...Kanon is now searching outside. ...Also, no one has seen Shannon either."

Natsuhi: "Even Shannon's missing? ...Truly, just how many people did my husband bring with him on his little walk?"

Just how many people had gone missing by now?

Now that the number was this large, it was starting to feel truly unpleasant, as though the people here were the only ones being left out of something interesting.

At least, that seemed to reflect the feelings of the children...and Maria in particular.

She was indignant, her stomach grumbling, almost as though her mother and the others had left her alone to go off and eat something delicious without her.

The other children were flipping through the channels on the television, trying to find a program that might interest Maria and cheer her up again.

Nanjo was sitting on the sofa, gazing blissfully at the children while reading a book. It must have been a book about chess.

The sound of footsteps came rushing towards them with a pitter-patter. There was only one set, so they realized before seeing who it belonged to that it was probably Kanon, not Krauss and the rest.

Kanon: "...Madam, excuse me."

Natsuhi: "Judging by your appearance, you still haven't been able to find them."

Kanon: "...My apologies. I still haven't..."

Natsuhi: "That will be enough. You've worked hard."

She didn't know where they were, but they had to be somewhere on this island. They hadn't had a thing to eat since the previous night, so their stomachs must be growling about now. They'd probably come plodding back of their own accord before long.

...By now, Natsuhi was thoroughly exasperated and started to feel that there was no reason for them to go out of their way and search.

Natsuhi: "I will go to the kitchen to prepare some tea for all of the guests. Thanks to both of you for all of your hard work so early in the morning." Natsuhi left the parlor, acting as though the release in tension had caused a new surge in her headache.

...Kanon tried to call to her back, but Natsuhi left swiftly.

Genji: "...What is it? Was there something else?"

Kanon: "...Yes. ...I was unable to find her husband or anyone else, but, ...well..."

Kanon sounded evasive. It looked as though he didn't know where they were, but had spotted something that might be connected to their disappearance.

Eva and Hideyoshi noticed this exchange of words and came over. They'd probably picked up on something strange in Kanon's behavior.

Hideyoshi: "What's goin' on, Kanon-kun? Did you find Krauss nii-san and everyone else?"

Kanon: "...Actually, the rose garden storehouse looked strange."

Genji: "...What do you mean... it looked strange?"

Kanon: "...It was, um, ...how should I explain it..."

Kanon hesitated once more. ...His tone wasn't at all what you'd expect from this usually fearless boy.

Seeing this, Eva and Hideyoshi looked at each other dubiously...

Eva: "What do you mean? Are you saying Nii-san and the others were inside the storehouse?"

Kanon: "No, ...I am going to inspect the inside now. I just now came back to get the key, but... ...umm..."

Hideyoshi: "I don't really get it, but it sounds like we've just gotta look around inside it. Where's the key to that storehouse?"

Kanon: "...It is in the servant room. Let us check inside the storehouse at once."

Kanon dashed off to the servant room and returned with the key.

Genji left the parlor, saying that he would go check, but then Eva and Hideyoshi followed after him.

...What was this `something strange about the storehouse' that had caused the usually fearless Kanon to hesitate?

It was still pouring outside, but perhaps their curiosity over this `something' that Kanon couldn't talk about won out.

While the children made a big fuss watching television, Kanon and the rest dashed over to the entrance...

The rose garden storehouse was a place that housed various tools used to manage the garden.

It was definitely not a pretty building. Because of its appearance, it had been built so that it was hidden in a corner of the rose garden.

Kanon, Genji, Eva, and Hideyoshi came cutting across the rose garden holding umbrellas.

They entered a small path just off the rose garden, which was normally off limits for those appreciating the garden and only used by those maintaining it.

As they dashed down that, the storehouse came into view in front of them.

It was quite an old shed, and compared to the flawlessly perfect beauty of the rose garden, it was pretty seedy-looking. It was easy to understand why it had been built in a hard-to-see place.

Eva and Hideyoshi arrived at the storehouse long after Kanon and Genji.

Hideyoshi: "Ha, ...ha... You two sure are fast...! I thought my heart was gonna explode..."

Eva: "I never knew they had a storehouse way over here. ...But, ...wh- what is that...?"

When Eva looked where Kanon was pointing, she was at a loss for words. Noticing this, Hideyoshi also followed Kanon's finger and was likewise too shocked to speak.

The entrance to the storehouse was a kind of shutter. ...And there...

...Everyone suddenly realized why Kanon had been unable to find words to describe what they now saw.

On the shutter, which was completely filthy from being exposed to wind and rain for so long, ...stuck right on it...

...There was something that looked like a strange dark-red...liquid? Mucus? Or maybe it was some sticky paint... ...An indescribably eerie shape was drawn on the shutter with some kind of ghastly substance.

The rain had caused it to drip down like fresh blood leaking from an open wound...

No more beating around the bush.

Some kind of mark was drawn there... with a ghastly substance that looked like blood... in a shape that seemed to suggest something ominous.

...Two circles were drawn there, and inside them was a design that looked like a cross.

The four ends of the cross were widely exaggerated, and it looked like some kind of crest from somewhere around Europe.

And in the cracks between these shapes, written closely packed together, ...were some unfamiliar characters, or possibly symbols...

Hideyoshi: "...What a vulgar bit of grafitti... ...Could this be...one of those? One of those magic circles used in demonic ceremonies?!" It wasn't surprising that Hideyoshi would say that about such a ghastly shape, drawn with a deep-red, dripping substance.

Eva: "When was this made...?!"

Kanon: "...Last night, I came here before it started raining, and there was nothing drawn here at that time."

Genji: "...We must do something before anyone else sees this. If they laid eyes upon it, it would cause them great discomfort..."

Eva: "That's right... Even though it's just a shed, I wouldn't want to leave such an unpleasant piece of graffiti alone for even a second longer than I had to."

Genji: "There is some paint inside the storehouse. Let us paint over it temporarily as an emergency measure, then repaint it again someday when the weather is good. ..."

Genji remembered that he had just recently seen another scribble, and that it too had been made with a strange, dark-red substance of the same color as this...

...That must have been... ...That's right, he had seen it on the door to Natsuhi's room...

Eva: "Kanon-kun, let's remove this scribble quickly and go back, okay? Even though it's just a storehouse, it's really irritating to have graffiti around the home I was brought up in."

Kanon: "...Yes Ma'am. I will take care of it immediately..."

Kanon squatted in front of the shutter and unlocked it. He then lifted it up with all of his strength.

A boisterous noise resounded, and the eerie shape drawn on the shutter began to get sucked in through the top as the shutter was raised.

...At least for the time being, that ominous drawing disappeared from their direct gaze, and they all breathed a sigh of relief...

Thanks to a kids' program they came across, Maria was feeling much better.

Battler and Jessica were poking fun at the kids' show at every turn, cackling together. George was enjoying the program with Maria from her perspective.

Nanjo sat on a sofa by himself, passing the time by reading quietly.

They heard hurried footsteps coming from the hallway.

They were the footsteps of a single person.

...Did that mean it wasn't the group of four that had just left?

It was Genji.

It was very rare for Genji, who considered being out of breath a violation of a servant's virtues, to be gasping for air.

He had probably come dashing back from outside the mansion. His shoulders were soaking wet, and he didn't have his usual trim appearance.

When Genji noticed Nanjo looking at him, he gave a small, silent bow and quickly approached him.

Genji: "...Doctor Nanjo, my apologies. Please, come with me, quickly."

Nanjo: "...Wh- What is the matter?"

As Genji whispered something into Nanjo's ear, Nanjo went pale.

He rose from the sofa, trying not to be noticed by the children who were still engrossed by the TV, and the two of them rapidly left the parlor, muffling their footsteps.

Just as they were about to exit the parlor, they came across Natsuhi, who was pushing a serving cart loaded with a tea set.

Genji whispered something into Natsuhi's ear, and Natsuhi went pale too in apparent shock.

...Then, leaving the serving cart where it was, the three of them dashed towards the entrance...

George noticed them running down the rose garden through the window.

George: "...What's that? Isn't that Genji-san and Doctor Nanjo and... and that's Aunt Natsuhi, isn't it?"

Battler: "What's up, Aniki?"

George: "...Maybe something happened. They looked terribly flustered."

When Jessica and Maria saw that Eva, Hideyoshi and Nanjo were no longer in their seats and that the serving cart had been abandoned in the entrance to the parlor, they also realized that something was the matter.

Jessica: "Could there have been some kind of accident...?"

Battler: "...Let's go check it out. It's no fun if we're the only ones left out, right? Ihihi!"

For some reason, what Battler said sounded extremely indiscreet.

...But they couldn't deny that they were a little insecure and concerned after seeing the adults run off into the rain without regards to their appearance.

Jessica: "...Let's check it out, okay? I'm worried something might've happened..." Jessica's uneasy words spoke for all of them.

Battler: "Hey Maria, are you coming too? Or will you watch TV?"

Maria: "Uu-! Wanna watch TV! Uuu--."

George: "Let's go on without her. Maria-chan, we'll be back soon. You keep watching TV, okay?"

Maria: "Uu-!"

By the time the kids made it outside, the adults were no longer in sight. But Jessica seemed to have a pretty good idea where they'd gone, judging by the direction they'd been running.

Following Jessica, we ran through the rain-soaked rose garden...

The wind seemed to suddenly get stronger. ...The malicious sound of thunder began to ring out like it had the previous night.

It felt like an eerie something had surrounded the island...and was trying to stop us from moving forward.

Battler: "Jessica, is there something over this way?!"

Jessica: "I'm pretty sure there's a storehouse for gardening tools or something."

George: "What in the world could be going on in a place like that...?"

Just as Jessica had said, they began to see a storehouse in front of them. They could also see the adults there.

The shutter to the storehouse was open, and several adults looked as though they were searching for something. For some reason, only Natsuhi was outside the storehouse. Without even holding an umbrella, she looked like she was hanging her head, and her back was facing them...

There was Genji, Nanjo, and Natsuhi, who had just left the mansion.

The ones who'd left earlier, Kanon, Eva, and Hideyoshi, were also there, making for a small crowd of people, but there was absolutely no bustle of activity...

When Natsuhi realized that the children were approaching, a terrible expression rose to her face, and she ran at them with her arms spread wide.

Natsuhi: "You mustn't come any closer!!! Go back to the mansion!!!"

...But despite that... no, because of that, the kids saw the scene Natsuhi was trying to keep them away from.

Inside the storehouse with its shutter wide open, a faint fluorescent light shone down. And right there was...

Jessica: "KyaaaaaAAAAAAaaaaaAAaa!!!"

Jessica's piercing shriek rang out.

...But that was just because Jessica's scream was the loudest. ...The same thing spilled out of Battler and George's mouths as well...

Eva spread her arms just like Natsuhi, roaring at the kids with a bone-chilling expression on her face.

Eva: "George, take everyone and return to the mansion!!! Quickly!! Right now!!"

When Natsuhi spread her arms, I thought she was trying to prevent us from advancing any further. ...But that wasn't why Eva was spreading her arms right now.

...She was trying to stop us kids from seeing that terrible scene.

It was her mother's heart, trying to protect the eyes and hearts of us children by blocking our view of that terrible scene by at least the width of one of her arms!

Battler: "...Is this some kind of joke? Is it...?!"

...I'd seen this kind of cheap scene all too often.

In manga, TV, anime, and movies, I'd seen it over and over again... This was just...just seeing something appear in real life that I'd seen plenty of times before in some of those more sensational movies, right?!! That alone shouldn't... ...aaaaah, but that...that suit, ...it's that old bastard's, isn't it...? ...I get it, then that's Uncle Krauss... And Kyrie-san, and Aunt Rosa, nnggyaaaaaaaahhhhhh!!!

Jessica: "Dad, DAD!!!"

Natsuhi: "You mustn't, Jessica!! You mustn't go in!! You mustn't look!!!"

Jessica: "Dad, Dad!! Aaaaaaaaaaaagggghhhh!!!"

Nanjo: "...Rigor mortis has set in across almost the entire body... ...Most likely, six hours or more have passed since death... As far as I can tell by looking at the damaged area, there is a high probability that they were damaged after their deaths... ...No, I must watch what I say...! I'm a general practitioner! Examining corpses is outside my area of expertise...!"

Hideyoshi: "...So what does that mean? Just killin' them wasn't enough, ...so they went on to do somethin' like this?!! The devil, this here's the work of the devil!!"

Aunt Natsuhi caught Jessica in her arms and Aunt Eva caught George-aniki, ...so I was the only one who could approach the entrance to the storehouse.

...Aah, ...if only there had been someone there to catch me too, I wouldn't have needed to have this horrible, evil scene burned into my eyes...

...No, that's not it.

...It isn't that there's no one here to catch me... *The people who should catch me, they're right there, aren't they?!!*

...Just as Jessica said, it did look like a storehouse for gardening tools.

A lawn mower with extra blades, a grass sickle and a hammer, some carpentry tools such as a saw... Piled up potted plants and bags of fertilizer.

And treated just the same, the corpses of several people had been laid to rest there. No, had been tossed in there!

I could tell them by their clothes. ...That old bastard and Kyrie-san. ...Uncle Krauss and Aunt Rosa. ...Beyond that, ...Gohda-san and... are there still more of them? How many people died...? ...You're fucking kidding me! I can't even count them on one hand! Damn iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiit!!!

I didn't know whether it had been one of these gardening tools, which if used for something other than their intended purpose could definitely be wielded with a naked brutality, or whether some horrible tool had been brought in here specifically for this.

...Anyway, ...each one of the bodies jammed in here...had been given an atrocious makeup.

...It wasn't makeup, ...it was more like... *their faces had been plowed*...!

Their faces were smashed, forced into expressions that normal people couldn't make even after death. ...I couldn't tell where the eyes or the noses were, but I could find their mouths...because they were gaping wide, their gums exposed! But their front teeth were missing, and even the cheeks that should have covered all this were all torn up and laid bare! That trendy makeup you always spent so much time on even though you're a man isn't doing a thing now...!!

Battler: "...Nnggaaaaaaaaagggghhh!!! Daaaaaaaaaaad!! I always thought you were going to hell! But still, not like this, right? You weren't such a son of bitch that you should have to suffer so brutally!! And Kyrie-san, ...didn't I tell you to stop going out with this guy...? ...There's absolutely... no reason for you to end up like this too..."

Battler: "...They've got no faces, ...no faces... Damn it damn it damn it damn it, aaaaaaaaaaaahhhhh!!"

Nanjo: "...Battler-san, you mustn't look any more... There's no way your mother and father would want you to see them like this...! For your mother and your father's sakes, ...you mustn't look any more!!"

Battler: "Dead people are supposed to have faces that look like they're sleeping peacefully, right?! They've got no faces, my dad and Kyrie-san have no faces!! I don't even know what kind of faces they were wearing when they died!! What's wrong with me?!! Will I have to see these smashed, monster-like faces every time I remember them?! That's just great, I didn't want to remember that old bastard's smug face anyway! Just great, just great!!"

Battler: "But why even Kyrie-san's face...? Kyrie-san wasn't a crook... ...Sure, she ticked me off a bit now and then, ...but she was like a cool big sister to me... ...This is wrong, ...this is all wrong...!! At least Uncle Krauss has it better, doesn't he?!! It's not his whole face, just the side!! At least he's got half his face left, right?!! That's still better, that's still better!!"

Jessica: "NooooooooooooooooooOOOOOOOOOOooooooooooooooooooOOOOOooooo!!!" Jessica filled her ears with the sound of her own screaming, trying to shut out my reckless words.

George: "...Stop it, Battler-kun...! Just stop it, ...just stop it...!"

Battler: "Aniki, Aniki!! Aaaaaaaaagggghhhhhhh!!!"

Disregarding age and appearance, ...I fell to my knees, clinging to Aniki's waist and sobbing.

It was as if I was crying on behalf of everyone there... Representing the feelings of everyone there, I screamed over and over...

George: "...Father, ...the ones lying dea-... ...lying over there are Uncle Krauss, Uncle Rudolf, Aunt Kyrie, and Aunt Rosa and Gohda-san. ...Just those five, right...?"

Hideyoshi: "...No. ...There are six people. ...There's... one more person over here..."

The body Hideyoshi was looking down on now...happened to be hidden among the shadows in that mountain range of objects, in a blind spot to George, who stood by the entrance. ...So, George couldn't tell...whose body it was...

...So, ...George cursed himself. He cursed the fact that his worst guesses always turned out to be right...!

George: "...So, ...the one lying at your feet is... ...Sh- Shannon, isn't it...?"

Hideyoshi: "...Yes. ...It's Shannon-chan."

George: "..."

George fell completely silent. ...He shook slightly, his lower lip trembling...

Normally, ...he would've wanted to run to his beloved's body, screaming and crying. ...However, ...before rashly rushing forward, ...he worked to keep his composure...and asked his father.

George: "...Is Shannon... ...the same as... ...Uncle Krauss and the others?"

Hideyoshi: "..."

Hideyoshi deeply understood the meaning of those words. ...So he couldn't give George an immediate answer. ...Or rather, ...he felt that silence was the only sincere and loving response he could give George right now.

When George asked if Shannon was the same, ...he meant to ask whether her corpse was in the same condition as the others or not.

...Since Hideyoshi hadn't denied it, ...it meant her corpse was in the same brutal state.

George: "...Can I... look at Shannon...?"

Hideyoshi: "...No, ...you can't."

George: "...Why not...? After all, ...I won't be able to see Shannon's face again, right...? So, ...why won't you let me see... what her face looked like at the end...?"

Hideyoshi: "...The last time you met Shannon-chan was yesterday, right?"

George: "...Yes."

Hideyoshi: "I see... ...When you left her, what kind of face was she showin' you...?"

George: " ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... It was a wonderful smile."

After he handed her the ring, ...she hesitated, even though she must've already made up her mind... Then she looked bashful... and ran away because she was embarrassed to let him see her face looking like that. ...That's the expression that was revived in George's mind...

Hideyoshi: "...I see. ...Then I'm sure...Shannon-chan would want to leave you with that smile in your memory."

...Hideyoshi looked down upon Shannon's body lying at his feet. ...Just like the other bodies, it was in such a horrible state that it'd make anyone want to cover their eyes.

...Her head had been smashed in from the side, and no more than half of her expression remained.

...If the remaining, blood-soaked half of her expression had been wiped clean, would that graceful smile of hers have peeked out? ...But only half of it...

Without thinking, Hideyoshi slapped his hands over his eyes.

...How brutal...

If her face was going to be crushed anyway, then if only all of it had been crushed, he might have been able to temporarily distract George from his pain by making the pathetic suggestion that it was someone else wearing Shannon's clothes. But half of her face had been left untouched...!

It caused the body so much humiliation, ...while still proving beyond doubt that the body was Shannon's and no one else's! How inhuman, how brutish...

And there, trying his best to burn the image of the remaining half of Shannon's expression into his eyes as she lay at Hideyoshi's feet, ...was Kanon.

...Kanon was not crying. ...Tears had risen to his eyes, but they did not drip down.

But that didn't mean he wasn't feeling as much sadness as everyone else.

...Losing Shannon, who had lived with him in the same orphanage, whom he had loved as a sister, ...must've been just the same as losing a blood relative...

Hideyoshi: "...George, ...I'm sure Shannon-chan... is saying thank you... She must be glad you didn't end up seein' her in such a pitiful state. ...I'm sure... ...she's thankin' you for holdin' strong and showin' restraint..."

George: "...I understand. ...I understand, Father... ...I understand..." George leaned against the outside wall of the storehouse, ...crouching down limply.

George: "...Father, ...I have a request."

Hideyoshi: "What is it...?"

George: "...I want you to look for me. ...Is there... a ring on Shannon's finger...?"

Hideyoshi: "...A ring...? ...Let me see..."

Hideyoshi crouched down. ...As he did, Kanon silently pointed to one of Shannon's hands.

Hideyoshi: "...Yeah, ...there is. It's a diamond ring. With a valuable diamond. ...Must've been pretty expensive..."

George: "And, ...which hand... and which finger is it on?"

Hideyoshi: "...Hmm, the ring finger of her left hand. ...I see, ...so Shannon-chan... ...was engaged...?"

Eva: "...George, ...don't tell me you-"

Hideyoshi: "Eva!! That doesn't matter now!! A man made a lifelong promise to Shannon-chan...! A man promised her happiness for life... Who that man was isn't the issue here!"

Hideyoshi: "Being told that by a man... is a woman's dream, isn't it...? ...I don't know when she received this ring. I also don't know who gave it to her! However, ...even so, Shannon-chan took this ring. Then, ...she accepted it...and put it on her left ring finger. ...I'm sure the man who gave it to her... ...was also happy."

To most of the people there, Hideyoshi was simply disturbed by this extraordinary situation and was blurting out nonsense.

...However, someone who knew of George and Shannon's true relationship... would understand the full meaning of those words.

George: "...I see. ...Thank you, ...Father."

George stood up. The traces of tears still streaked his face, but his expression had returned to its usual calm one...

George: "...Let's go, Battler-kun, Jessica-chan. ...If we stay here any longer, we'll get in the way of the adults."

Jessica: "...Sniff. ...You're right..."

Jessica sniffled once, showing her face to her mother, who had been holding her the whole time, to let her know she was okay now. ...When she faced George again, she once again had on her usual expression. ...Although she still couldn't smile.

Jessica: "...Battler, hang in there..."

Battler kept on crouching in front of his parents' bodies...

Battler: "...I'm sorry. ...Crying like hell calmed me down... You bastard, Dad, ...I bet you're laughing at me... After all that shit I talked about you, here I am crying like a baby just 'cause you died. ...Well, so what, ...I guess I just got the gene that makes you cry when your parents kick the bucket...!"

Battler's face was still bright red from the tears, but he had at least recovered enough to fake a smile, if only a bitter one.

Natsuhi: "...Kanon, ...you mustn't remain here any longer either. Take the children and return to the mansion."

Natsuhi had been standing under the rain this whole time, unable to take a step into the storehouse. ...Maybe she had her own way of grieving, different from Battler's.

Realizing that she had to take on a role of responsibility now that her husband was dead, ...she gave Kanon those orders.

Kanon: "...Yes, Madam."

Kanon rose silently and turned to face me.

His face was pure white, almost as though his own heart had died along with Shannon, ...and there was no life in his expression.

On an ordinary day, if he had been told to guide the children through the beautiful rose garden, Kanon might have led the way.

...But now, there was no distinction between Kanon and the children. ...They were now just kids of about the same age, ...suffering the pain of losing those close to them.

After making sure that the children were leaving, Natsuhi started giving orders to Genji.

Natsuhi: "...Genji, ...contact the police immediately. They probably won't be able to come until the typhoon passes, but they should be able to tell us what to do next."

Genji: "...Understood. There is an emergency radio, so I will use that to contact them."

When she heard that, Natsuhi remembered. That's right, the phones were out today, weren't they...?

However, they also had a radio, since they couldn't necessarily rely on phones all the time while living on an isolated island. ...At any rate, they should start by contacting the police and receiving their instructions. ...Everything else could wait.

Natsuhi: "...Doctor Nanjo, ...is there anything more you can do here?"

Nanjo: "Unfortunately, ...there is nothing I can do..."

Natsuhi: "...Understood. ...Genji, could you at least cover their faces with something? Exposing them like this is humiliating to them as well..."

Genji: "...Yes Ma'am."

Genji picked up several dried up towels from inside the storehouse... when Eva stopped him with a shrill voice.

Eva: "Wait a second! Stop. This is the scene of the crime, isn't it? Then we mustn't disturb it. We all panicked and walked in here with our shoes on, but even that will surely get in the way of the police's investigation, right?"

Natsuhi: "..."

Natsuhi glared at Eva, offended. ...Objectively speaking, Eva was right.

Even so, she glared at Eva as though accusing her of refusing to do those tragic corpses, which had been humiliated even after death, the simple kindness of covering their faces.

...However, Eva had spoken both calmly and correctly.

This horrible situation definitely wasn't an accident.

It was a crime. ...Someone had killed them. It was a murder case.

So, they needed to be careful to avoid disturbing the site any further... They had to do what little they could to aid the police, preserving clues that might help catch the detestable culprit.

Nanjo: "...I agree with Eva-san. ...Until the police come, we should leave everything be..."

Genji: "...What do you say, Madam?"

Natsuhi: "...You're right. ...Very well. Close it up. ...And, just in case, we should put a different lock on it."

Hideyoshi: "...A different lock?"

Natsuhi: "Yes. ...When we came here, the shutter was locked. ...That means the culprit used the key to the shutter to lock it."

Hideyoshi: "...Th-That makes sense. So, does that mean the key that opens this shutter will have the culprit's fingerprints on it?!"

Eva: "...I'm sure it'll be worth submitting it to the police as evidence, but Kanon-kun usually has it, and he used it to unlock the shed just now. It'll probably have Kanon's fingerprints on it. Also, that key was handed to Genji-san just now, and he took it with his bare hands. ...It doesn't look like it'll be very useful as evidence."

Genji: "...That was careless of me. ...My apologies..."

Hideyoshi: "Genji-san, are there any other keys to this storehouse?"

Genji: "...No. Only this one."

Hideyoshi: "So the culprit walked out of the servant room with that key, and then was nice enough to return the key to where they found it...?"

Hideyoshi's theory sounded plausible, but was actually very strange if you thought about it.

Why would they go to all the trouble of returning a key they stole? ...No, if you think about it even more deeply, there are some points that are even more bizarre.

When a criminal hides a body, they're usually trying to delay the point at which it'll be found, so they can use that time to escape.

The six weren't necessarily killed here, but it was reasonable to assume that they were killed somewhere on this island, carried to this storehouse, and hidden to delay the discovery of the crime.

...And yet, the eerie magic circle scribbled on the storehouse shutter... had eloquently indicated the location of the hidden corpses.

...Sure, it didn't explicitly mention the corpses, but six people had gone missing. In that situation, someone had made such an obvious piece of graffiti and even returned the key to the shutter, almost as though they wanted the corpses here to be discovered.

Natsuhi: "...Anyway, we can't put all our faith in a lock that the culprit has opened once before. If we want to protect this place from the culprit's hand, I think we should put a new lock on it."

Nanjo: "I think that is a good plan... I agree."

Genji fished around inside the storehouse and unsealed a brand-new padlock that had been inside a small box.

Genji: "What should I do with the key...?"

Natsuhi: "...I will take it. I will take responsibility and hand it over to the police." Natsuhi took the key to the padlock from Genji's hand.

After that, they all exited and lowered the shutter.

...And so, the corpses were once again sealed behind that shutter, which was still covered with that creepy magic circle.

Genji crouched down in front of the shutter to fasten the new padlock.

...Shutters often have a place in front where you can attach your own lock, in addition to the main lock of the shutter. This was one of those types.

In the midst of the roar of thunder and the pouring rain, the storehouse stood there, ominously... With its closed shutter still covered in a blood-like, creepy substance, it swallowed up the bodies of the six.

...To Natsuhi, putting the new lock on wasn't mainly to preserve the scene for the police. ...She might have felt like she wanted to shut that mouth for all eternity, to prevent that eerie beast from swallowing up any more victims...

Natsuhi: "...Come on, let's go, everyone. ...Doctor Nanjo, thank you very much for your work. ...Genji, hurry and contact the police."

Genji: "I will do so as soon as I return..."

The adults left the storehouse.

...The ghastly magic circle drawn on the shutter kept the six bodies in its throat, looming eerily as the lightning occasionally lit it up...

# Chapter 11
# label: *umi1_11
# First twilight. Eyecatch: October 5 (Sun) 09:30 → 13:00.

All that could be heard was the sound of the rain, the voices from the kids' TV program Maria was watching, and the engrossed Maria's cackling voice.

In other words, what greeted them as they returned dumbfounded from that horrible, bizarre scene... was the voice of Maria as she rolled around laughing at the TV...

Those who returned to the room didn't know how to explain to Maria that her mother was dead...and were trapped by a suffocating silence.

At first, Maria returned their stares with a dubious look, but when she realized they weren't trying to blame her for anything, she ignored them and again immersed herself in the TV program...

The children wordlessly sat down heavily on the sofa... Their minds were probably blank from their state of shock.

Everyone had already cried and mourned so much, ...but now they just vaguely sat there, their faces seeming to have lost all emotion...

Only Kanon had returned to his usual calm expression. ...However, that probably didn't mean he'd been able to wipe out the shock.

...Nothing was reflected in his eyes as he stared into empty space...

Hideyoshi kept on fidgeting, and every time he remembered that horrible scene, he started muttering about how he couldn't believe it, how it couldn't have been something from this world, how it must have been the work of demons.

Every now and then, his mutterings produced a question directed at Nanjo, but the latter kept repeating in a calm, doctor-like manner that nothing could be understood by only glancing at the scene, and that until the police arrived, they wouldn't learn anything.

However, Nanjo only appeared calm next to Hideyoshi, who simply couldn't suppress his agitation and fear. In fact, Nanjo had also received a huge shock, and his face was a deathly pale.

Maybe that atmosphere was why she tried to rise to the challenge and take charge.

Natsuhi appeared to be unchanged from her normal attitude. And she briskly gave directions.

Natsuhi: "...I will go see Father. Genji, quickly contact the police."

Genji: "Certainly..."

Eva: "I wonder if you would allow me to tag along, Natsuhi nee-san? ...Since Krauss nii-san is now gone, the task of aiding Father has been left to me. It would be improper of me to relax here while relying entirely on you."

Natsuhi was struck speechless by Eva's aggressive move in a situation like this.

She seemed to be claiming that, with Krauss dead, the one to take responsibility shouldn't be his wife, but herself, the next highly ranked in the family. ...Or maybe she hadn't been at all happy when Natsuhi took command without reference to her in such an extreme situation.

However, even Eva's mind had been blank from shock until a moment ago. ...She only came to her senses after Natsuhi started giving orders.

Natsuhi: "... ...Just do as you like." Natsuhi started walking without saying a word more. Eva followed behind her.

...As they did, Kumasawa ran into the parlor.

She usually wasn't the kind of person to run around, so under normal conditions, most people would have taken her entrance as sign that something was the matter, ...but because everyone was still stricken with shock, they hardly even noticed her.

Kumasawa: "...U-Umm, ...Madam, ...Madam...!"

Hideyoshi: "If you're lookin' for Natsuhi nee-san, she went to see Father. She'll probably be back soon. ...What happened, Kumasawa-san?"

Kumasawa: "Y-You see, ...in the dining hall, there was...blood, ...blood...!"

The ears of everyone in the parlor twitched.

Everyone thought the same thing. `I hope I misheard that.'

...Any container can only hold so much, ...and no one here would be capable of handling yet another tragedy.

So they all thought it. `I hope I misheard that'...

Hideyoshi: "...Wh-What happened... ...in the dining hall...?"

Kumasawa: "When I went to the dining hall... to set up for breakfast... ...Awawawawawa... wawa..."

The first one to start running was George. His harsh footsteps jogged Hideyoshi and Nanjo to their senses, and they chased after him. Battler and the others followed.

They flew into the dining hall one after another, but they didn't find any change that might have caused Kumasawa to go pale.

...To those who had viewed that gruesome scene in the storehouse, it was a bit of an anticlimax.

However, Kumasawa, who had followed them, pointed it out. ...There really were some traces of blood remaining on the floor.

...Compared to that terrible scene, it wasn't very impressive. ...However, if you calmly thought about it, this definitely indicated the loss of a lot of blood.

George: "...There's another puddle of blood over here. ...What in the world..."

Nanjo: "...It appears that a great deal of time has passed... ...It's probably safe to say that they were killed here last night..."

Hideyoshi: "I-It definitely looks that way... ...We were talkin' together in the dinin' hall until late into the night... After that, someone must've forced their way in..."

George: "Dad, when did you and Mom slip out of the meeting and go to sleep...?"

Hideyoshi: "...Hmm... It was a little past midnight... ...So, ...we should probably assume... ...it happened after that..."

Jessica: "...Are you kidding me...? ...Gimme a break..."

Kanon: "Milady, ...please, stay strong..."

Battler: "...Heheheheh... ...After seeing that hell on earth in the storehouse, this is nothing..."

Jessica: "...Really? Good for you... I feel like my head's gonna explode... ...This is the dining hall, right? Every day, this is where I'd eat, complain about school, complain about homework, ...talk to my Dad about my grades... ...That's what this place is to me..."

Kanon: "...Milady, it wouldn't be good to remain here any longer. ...Let's return to the parlor."

Battler: "I agree... ...Uncle Hideyoshi! I think this room'll be really important to the police. Don't you think it'd be bad if we trampled all over it?"

Battler proposed this in a slightly firm voice as, along with Kanon, he grabbed the pale and shaking Jessica's shoulders.

Nanjo: "...Everything is just as Battler-san has said. There is nothing more to be gained from remaining in this room." Nanjo spoke while looking at everyone's pale faces.

...Even though that horrible scene in the storehouse felt like something not of this world, at least then we'd been able to leave, to cut ourselves off from that place and run away. Everyone had shared in that feeling.

...However, this dining hall was different.

It was in the mansion, the main building on this estate, ...and as Jessica had said, it should have been one of the most calming places even inside the mansion. It was where all of the relatives had eaten lunch and dinner yesterday.

...The shock of seeing this place smeared with blood reminded us of that horrible spectacle in the storehouse... and forced us to accept that we hadn't really been able to run away from the scene of that tragedy...

Hideyoshi: "...Hmm. I agree too... The culprit might've left traces in this room! Amateurs like us shouldn't stir the place up. ...Let's leave quickly. Quickly, quickly!"

Hideyoshi also understood the meaning of what Battler had said...and pushed everyone to hurry out of the dining hall.

...The way we were then, looking at that blood any longer would've been too harsh.

Nobody went against his words. Everyone raced each other out of the dining hall. ...It was almost as though the last person in the room would be trapped in there, all alone.

Once in the hallway, we lent a hand to Kumasawa, who was still trembling and leaning against the wall, and we all headed back to the parlor together. ...Then, Genji returned.

Nanjo: "...Oh, Genji-san. Were you able to contact the police?"

Genji: "...As to that, I'm afraid I must apologize. ...I don't know if it was a failure of the radio or something else that caused it, but..."

Hideyoshi: "What the... So you couldn't contact the police...?!! Both the phone and the radio failed?!"

Genji: "...My apologies. A boat will be arriving on Monday morning, and I believe we will be able to borrow their communications equipment."

Hideyoshi: "Isn't there a boat on this island?! Can't we just take a little trip out to the Niijima Police Department?!"

Nanjo: "...Hideyoshi-san, that would be impossible with this weather... At the very least, we can't do anything until the typhoon passes us by."

Genji: "Krauss-sama's boat is being repaired and is not on the island... Therefore, we must wait for the boat coming on Monday..."

Hideyoshi: "H-How could this happen...?! Six people are dead!! The phones and radio aren't working, and there's no boat! So, until the typhoon passes and the boat comes...in other words, until tomorrow mornin', we're gonna be stuck here on this island, unable to contact the police, aren't we?!"

Battler: "...Which means that... not just us, ...but the criminal who killed everyone is also confined to this island..."

George: "...That certainly follows. ...The culprit who killed everyone is still here on the island."

Jessica: "...S-So the bastard who killed Dad and the others must still be hiding somewhere, unable to escape... ...Damn it, dammitdammitdammit!!! I'll catch that bastard, no way I'll hand him over to the police!! I'll slice him to bits myself...!!! Aaaaaaaaaaaaahh!!!"

Maria: "..." Maria had finally realized that something odd was happening in the parlor.

...Rather than noticing something odd, it was probably better to say she felt unhappy and neglected, since everyone was getting so excited about something only she didn't know about.

Maria: "...Uu-. ...Jessica onee-chan, did someone die?"

The way she spoke was completely calm. ...Just as though she was talking about someone who had appeared on a television drama, as though it was someone else's problem.

...Jessica probably didn't like that.

...As though trying to say `Can't you tell just by looking at me, overwhelmed with grief?!', she flared up at Maria.

Jessica: "They all died, everyone, everyone!! My dad and Battler's parents!! Gohda-san and Shannon!! And even your mother, too!!"

George: "Stop it, Jessica-chan...!! You aren't the only one who's sad...!"

Nanjo: "...Maria-san, ...I know this will come as a shock, but please listen. ...Your mother... ...has died."

Maria: "...Mama died? ...Uu-...?"

Battler: "...Yeah, someone killed her. ...I know it's sad, but stay strong..."

Maria: "...How many people... died?"

Jessica: "Six people!! Six people! ...Dammitdammitdammit! How could anyone do something that cruel?!! There's a limit to how cruel you can be, if you're human...! I don't know who it is, but the culprit isn't human!! There's no way their blood is red!!"

Maria: "...Uu-. The culprit isn't human. ...It's just the **** chosen by the ****."

Battler: "Huh? ...Hey, Maria, did you say something just now?"

Maria had just said something, but since the words were so remotely separated from the flow and context of the conversation, I couldn't understand them for a second.

When I tried to ask her to repeat it again, I was shocked by the sudden sound of Aunt Natsuhi's loud voice coming from the entrance to the parlor.

It looked like Aunt Natsuhi and Aunt Eva had returned from their trip to see Grandfather.

Natsuhi: "You can't contact them, even with the radio?! ...If we can't use it at a time like this, why do we even have an emergency radio?!"

Genji: "...My apologies. It was supposed to have a maintenance inspection every year..."

Eva: "Wait, don't you have one of those boat signaling devices that makes a flashing light? Couldn't you use that to contact the next island?"

Genji: "...We do not have such equipment... ...My sincere apologies..."

Just then, Kumasawa arrived, pushing a serving cart loaded with breakfast. ...Since there was no way we'd be able to eat in the dining hall, Hideyoshi had ordered her to take it to the parlor.

Natsuhi: "Why are we eating breakfast here?"

Hideyoshi: "...Aaaahhh, Natsuhi-san, ...I'll tell you later. More importantly, Eva, how was Father?"

Nanjo: "Judging by the fact that he is not with you, ...it seems he will not leave his room, not even for a situation like this..."

Eva: "He wasn't there. ...The room was empty."

Hideyoshi: "What the... Where could he have gone at a time like this...?!"

Kanon: "...Do you mean to say the Master has left his study...?"

Natsuhi: "...That is correct. I was surprised myself... I wonder when he left his room... Do any of you have an idea?" Natsuhi looked at Genji and Kanon as she said this.

Maybe she was trying to ask whether the servants who served directly under the One-Winged Eagle knew of a place he might go.

...However, it was probably the other way around. Their faces made it clear that those who knew Kinzo best...realized even more than the rest how impossible it was for him to leave his room.

Kanon: "...Even we have no idea."

Genji: "...As you all know, within that study, the Master had everything from a place to sleep to a bathroom. I couldn't imagine him leaving that room except for a significant reason."

Hideyoshi: "...In that case, what? Isn't it natural to assume that one of those `significant reasons' came up...?!"

Natsuhi: "We still cannot be certain that's the case! Anyway, he is a fickle person, so it's possible he went for a walk by himself, unaware of the current situation. ...If that is the case, then we must act in all haste to tell him what has happened and ask for instructions."

Eva: "...That's right. ...Although I don't want to think about it, ...it's possible something has happened to him, isn't it...?"

Natsuhi: "I'd rather not even consider such a sinister possibility...!"

No one had seen Kinzo since the discovery of those six terrible corpses. On top of that, the phones were broken, the radio wouldn't reach anyone, and there was no way to contact the police.

...Apparently, the typhoon would leave tomorrow and a boat would come, ...but until then, no one could rely on anyone outside the island, nor could they escape the island.

The tragedy had hit everyone so abruptly that they'd lost all their composure.

...Everyone felt a heavy silence. Everyone was impatient. ...Even though they needed to do something, they couldn't think of anything, so some of them held their heads in their arms while others got irritated.

...Right now, no one could explain what was occurring on this island, Rokkenjima...

After that, we ate the breakfast Kumasawa-san had made, which felt dry and tasteless.

Of course, this was right after something like that had happened. No one felt particularly hungry.

However, we understood logically that not eating would weaken our bodies.

...It would also be rude to Kumasawa-san, who had made the breakfast.

Kumasawa-san had taken some unusual Western vegetables, ones that Gohda-san had probably ordered for his ultra-elaborate meals, and cooked them in a Japanese style, which made them turn an unpleasant color.

As to what Gohda-san had been planning to cook with those ingredients, ...right then I couldn't even imagine it. If I did think about it, I'd be reminded of the way Gohda-san died, and a sour taste would fill the inside of my mouth...

Everyone pretended to eat for the time being, but of course, no one made much progress.

Then, we began pooling our knowledge of our current situation.

First off, ...six people, which included Uncle Krauss, my dad, Kyrie-san, Aunt Rosa, Gohda-san and Shannon-chan... had been found in the rose garden storehouse as brutally mutilated corpses.

And yet, we still couldn't contact the police, since both the phones and the radio were unusable. ...So, until the typhoon passed, there was nothing we could do.

Furthermore, Grandfather, who we might've hoped would be able to show a little leadership in this kind of a situation, had disappeared some time ago.

...Gohda-san hadn't made breakfast, so Grandfather's stomach must have been empty, and if he had just been taking a casual walk, we should've been able to hear him whining about how hungry he was by now.

And despite that, he hadn't appeared.

...There was more than a small chance that he'd gotten caught up in this crime.

According to my aunts, on their way back from Kinzo's study, they'd searched for him, calling out on every floor, but were unable to find him.

...Considering the timing of it all, it's only reasonable to assume that this disappearance had something to do with the crime.

We figured Dad and the rest were probably killed in the dining hall and then painstakingly moved to the storehouse. So maybe, Grandfather has already been killed... and dragged to some strange place, which we simply haven't discovered yet... No one actually said it out loud, but this theory seemed extremely convincing...

Natsuhi: "We will go check that all of the windows and doors are locked. We must also conduct a thorough search for Father. The children must remain in this room... Eva-san and Hideyoshi-san, I'm sorry, but please stay here with the children. I'd like to ask you the same, Doctor Nanjo."

Nanjo: "...I understand. I will wait here..."

Aunt Natsuhi followed the servants, Genji-san, Kumasawa-san, and Kanon-kun, out of the parlor.

All that was left was Aunt Eva, Uncle Hideyoshi, Doctor Nanjo, and the four of us children, a total of seven people.

Hideyoshi: "Let's all stick together and maybe watch some television while we wait. Though I doubt we'll find anythin' good in the middle of the day on a Sunday." Uncle Hideyoshi started acting cheerfully, trying to brighten up this gloomy atmosphere.

Maria: "Uu-. Good show, watch it, watch it. Uu-uu-!"

Hideyoshi: "Oh, really? You wanna watch TV, Maria-chan? Then come and watch it with your uncle." Maria was the only one who joined in.

...Even though Maria had been told of her mother's death, she didn't show the slightest flicker in her emotions. ...Was it really normal for a nine-year-old girl like Maria to act so much like a very young child...?

Everyone else's mood failed to improve, and they each sank absentmindedly into their sofas...

Battler: "...Aniki, can I ask you something?"

George: "...What is it?"

Battler: "...Just now, in the storehouse... You said something about Shannon-chan and a ring. ...Did you give that to her?"

George-aniki didn't answer, but he hung his head and closed both of his eyes. ...There could be no clearer response.

Jessica: "Quit it, Battler. ...Figure it out yourself."

Battler: "...You're right. I shouldn't have asked."

George: "...That's right. It was me. ...Last night, I proposed to her. ...That was when I gave her the ring. ...I told her that tomorrow, she should put it on whatever finger she wanted... as her answer. ...Haha, guess it was a pretty pretentious thing to say."

...And that ring had been... ...on the ring finger of Shannon-chan's left hand.

Jessica: "...Well, ...several years ago, Shannon came to me asking for advice. ...About you, George nii-san."

George: "...I wonder what she could have said."

Jessica: "...Shannon was always really bad at lying. It was obvious pretty quickly that you were the one she was talking about. ...She...asked whether it'd be okay for her to get close to someone, ...even though she was only a servant. ...She asked about what kinds of things boys like, what kind of clothes she should wear to make them happy, lots of stuff like that. ...Hmm, well, I guess you could say I felt envious, hearing her say that."

Battler: "...So then she was given an engagement ring, ...and it all ended right there?"

Jessica: "...Different people value things differently, ...but being proposed to by a man... well, it can be the high point of your life. So I'm sure... Last night, I'm sure Shannon was happy... from the bottom of her heart, ...happier than she's ever been since the day of her birth..."

George: "..."

...George-aniki sighed deeply, without raising his head... ...Or maybe tears had risen to his eyes.

George: "...It seems Shannon was on duty in the guesthouse last night. ...But...because she was too embarrassed to go back to the guesthouse with me, ...she went over to the mansion."

Jessica: "...Think about how Shannon must've felt. ...When you receive an engagement ring, then no matter how much warning you've been given beforehand, it's perfectly normal to get so excited that your mind goes blank. ...She must've been incredibly embarrassed."

George: "...And then, Shannon... went to the mansion, even though she hadn't been assigned there, helped Gohda-san with his work, and got caught up in this crime... If only I hadn't... given her that ring... on that day... in that place, ...Shannon wouldn't have... ...Sayo wouldn't have... ...been caught up in that crime...! ...Nnngaaaaaaahh!!"

Battler: "Aniki, that's the one place where you're wrong. It's definitely wrong. ...So don't cry anymore."

George: "...Aaaaaaaaaahh..."

Eva: "Battler-kun, let's leave him be." After Aunt Eva said that, I stopped talking to him.

...Misplaced words of comfort might actually do more harm than good. Jessica sat down next to Aniki and put an arm around him.

Maybe only Jessica, who had known about Aniki and Shannon's love since the beginning, and who had even discussed that relationship with Shannon, ...could comfort Aniki now.

I went over to Aunt Eva and sat down in the opposite sofa...

Eva: "Battler-kun, you really are strong... It looks like you've kept a good hold on yourself."

Battler: "...Umm, well, look, the depth of the love becomes the depth of the wound, right? After all, it's not like how that old bastard died has anything to do with me. ...I feel bad about Kyrie-san, but...well, she wasn't actually my parent."

Eva: "My, my. If that's so, you certainly were crying a lot back then."

Battler: "Well, I did think at least that much crying was due as gratitude to the parent who raised me... Heheheh..."

Eva: "...The speed of that changeover and that dry tone must've come from Rudolf. ...That kid would always get violently happy, sad, and angry, but he'd always regain his cool immediately afterwards."

Battler: "...It's nothing like that. I haven't really been able to get over the shock yet. ...I think the only difference between me and everyone else...is the kinds of emotions it's stirred in me."

Eva: "What do you mean?"

I've been acting much calmer than George-aniki and Jessica.

That wasn't because my sadness was any less intense, or because I'd already recovered. My sadness was simply getting replaced gradually with a different emotion.

Battler: "...Rather than sad, ...I'd say I'm more pissed off. What bastard did this and where? ...It's kinda been eating at me that I didn't get a chance to smack him upside the face."

That was what I really wanted to do. I couldn't forgive myself if I just sat there, overwhelmed with sadness and hugging my knees.

Battler: "...Since the time Dad and the others were killed, this island has been covered by the typhoon. ...Which means the bastard responsible for all this is still somewhere on this island."

Eva: "Yes, that would seem to be the case. ...I wonder if they're hiding somewhere in that dark forest even now?"

...I felt like I'd had... a very similar conversation with Kyrie-san the night before.

That's right. After the letter from the person claiming to be Beatrice appeared at the dinner table last night, ...we talked about whether or not a 19th person actually exists.

Battler: "Aunt Eva, ...do you think this murder... has anything to do with the letter from Beatrice last night?"

Eva: "...Aah, that one? ...Well, I wonder. All of the siblings agreed that the mysterious letter was sent to further complicate the problem of Father's inheritance. ...As to whether that and the case this morning are related, it's impossible to tell at this stage..."

Battler: "Was that letter really given to Maria by some witch called Beatrice?"

Eva: "How could it be? All of it was a farce devised by Father, wasn't it? He made Shannon-chan or someone wear the dress from the portrait and trick Maria-chan, right? Isn't that just the kind of overly intricate prank Father would pull?"

Battler: "...Last night, I talked with Kyrie-san about whether Beatrice actually exists, and Kyrie-san also said that Beatrice was probably one of the 18 of us."

Eva: "Isn't that obvious? There's no one else on this island besides us, right? Then there must be someone amongst us who's pretending to be Beatrice."

Battler: "There's no one else but us on this island, you think...?"

Eva: "Obviously, right? Are you saying there could be someone else here other than us? No one is on this island except us. There are only 18 people. So the one pretending to be Beatrice has to be one of those 18."

Kyrie-san denied the existence of a 19th person by `spinning the chessboard around'.

Even though Aunt Eva hadn't constructed an argument that complicated, her opinion at least was the same.

...Except, if that's the case, our situation starts to look very ugly...

At the time of Beatrice's letter, the whole thing could be passed off as a prank set up by someone or another.

...However, if we're assuming there's no 19th person, we can't ignore this anymore.

...In other words...

Battler: "If there is no 19th person, ...then the culprit who killed Dad and the others is also one of the 18, right? ...So, in other words, the person who killed them is one of the people inside this very mansion right now...!"

Eva: "..." Aunt Eva smiled meaningfully.

...It looked like she thought this conclusion should've been obvious from the very beginning.

Eva: "The culprit carried the bodies of those six into the storehouse. But even that was an impressive feat, don't you think? That shutter is always closed and locked, right? In other words, in order to carry them into the storehouse, the culprit would need to unlock the shutter. ...Understand?"

Battler: "...Is it possible the shutter was left open by mistake that day?"

Eva: "The servants said it's always kept locked. In other words, unless the culprit took the keys from the servant room, there's no way they could've opened the storehouse."

Battler: "I wonder if the key in the servant room was the only one..."

Eva: "Genji-san said that was the case. Which means the culprit knew where that single key was kept and took it. Just now, I watched when Kanon-kun returned the key to the servant room. The wall was packed with keys, and I don't think a novice would know where or what those keys went to. The culprit was miraculously able to find the storehouse key among all of those."

Eva: "Furthermore, even though the key didn't have a tag or anything sticking to it, they knew it was the key to the storehouse behind the rose garden. ...And that means they also knew where the storehouse was. ...I'll say it even clearer. The culprit knew the inside of the servant room well."

Her argument was extremely plain and clear.

...If the bodies had been found thrown somewhere in the bushes of the rose garden, there wouldn't have been much to go on.

However, if there was only one key to the storehouse in the servant room, and it was stored with such a large group of keys, a novice would not be able to tell them apart.

This meant the culprit was someone who went into the servant room a lot and was familiar with the locations of the keys.

...The family members didn't normally go into the servant room. ...Which meant that...

Battler: "...Which means that... ...one of the servants is... ...the culprit..."

Eva: "I'm sorry, but even I can't tell you any more than that. ...However, I'll tell you one thing."

Battler: "...What's that?"

Eva: "It's reasonable to think that the culprit...no, culprits...are multiple in number and fairly well armed. They'd have to be, wouldn't they? They had to assault the four in the dining hall and kill them, drag a total of six bodies all the way to the storehouse beyond the rose garden,and arrange for that disgusting makeup and the graffiti on the shutter. ...There's no way that a single culprit could carry out all of that on their own, right?"

It made sense. It probably would've been possible for a single person with enough time, but it would take so incredibly long.

It was probably safe to assume that a significant number of people were involved.

Battler: "...Whew. So what you're saying... ... is that maybe all of the servants were in cahoots."

Eva: "Please keep it quiet, okay? It wouldn't be right to voice mere speculation like this. ...And if it really is true, what would you do next? They might not let us leave here alive. This is an opponent who had no trouble killing Nii-san and the three others. Right now, the only ones I can count on to fight with me are the three in my family and maybe you, which comes to a total of four people, right? We're no better off than they were last night. ...In short, it'd be easy for the culprits to massacre the rest of us."

I'd been playing detective with Aunt Eva, trying to expose the person who had killed Dad and the rest before the police did.

...If only I could cleverly penetrate the culprit's identity and stick the proof in their face. ...I'd been so sure that, just like in one of those detective movies, the culprit would then give up and surrender.

However, the culprit would only surrender if there was no way for them to fight back.

The culprits behind the crime on this island were far from helpless... and might even be able to massacre all of the remaining people here.

...And on top of that, this island was like a giant closed room, cut off from the outside world by the typhoon, so they had a full day, until tomorrow, to kill, scheme and camouflage themselves...

In short, it wasn't a safe atmosphere where we could get very far by playing detective...

To the contrary, we were at a stage where we had to be scared stiff, since playing detective might displease the culprits... and cause them to commit another mass murder...

Eva: "...Well, it is just a possibility, right? ...But I can't bring myself to trust the servants yet. And that doesn't mean I only suspect them. Don't you think there might be some mastermind behind all this?"

Battler: "A mastermind? Hmm, ...why do you say that?"

Eva: "It's just a feeling. ...Think about what the word servant literally means. It means someone who serves as someone else's arms and legs, right? It was a bunch of Ushiromiya family members who got killed. So naturally, there must be someone involved who stands to gain from that result."

This was also plain and clear...

The Ushiromiya family had been right in the middle of discussions about how to distribute the inheritance when Grandfather died.

If this case followed the standard form of any classic mystery novel, the crime was definitely caused by someone with ties to the Ushiromiya family and who was involved in the inheritance problem...

Aunt Eva had probably read a few books in that genre herself.

...Her argument may have had a few blind assumptions in it, but it was a standard conclusion that anyone might've reached.

I think most people would end up suspecting the servants, even if they used different reasoning to get there.

Especially the story about the key to the shutter. That made it very easy to suspect that one of the servants was involved...

Battler: "...And that's why... I don't like it."

Eva: "What do you mean, you don't like it?"

Battler: "Nah, just talking to myself. Ihihi!"

I tried to dodge her question by joking, but I couldn't erase the sense of unease welling up inside me.

...After all, her conclusion was such an easy one to reach. *A conclusion that anyone could reach*.

...And I just couldn't be satisfied with that.

...If I tried `spinning the chessboard around' like I'd learned from Kyrie-san, ...this was exactly why a servant couldn't possibly be the culprit.

If the servants really were the culprits, they wouldn't hide the bodies in a place connected to themselves. Why on Earth would they use the rose garden shed if they were the ones in charge of the key that could unlock it?

The police would probably immediately pursue whoever had been in control of the key.

It was even possible that some other facts might come to light as a result. ...The more we think of the servants as the culprits, the less reason they had to carry the bodies into the storehouse.

...But what if they knew we'd think that, and put the corpses in the storehouse for that very reason? No, that's completely impossible.

When the police come and inspect the scene of the crime, they'll probably be able to uncover many things. No matter how carefully the culprits carried out that murder, some traces will definitely be found.

In other words, they had everything to lose and nothing to gain.

If you think about it this way and look at this murder game from the culprit's side, it's hard to imagine why they'd want to call attention to the corpses.

Once the corpses were found, it could result in someone sending a report to the police, or it might make the remaining people more cautious, or it might make the survivors start to search for the culprit. None of these things would make life any easier for the culprit.

...It's just like the words of the main character's mother in a novel I read recently, called `Higurashi No Naku Koro Ni'.

Every story needs to have a beginning, a middle, and an end. Eliminating that `beginning' is essential for the perfect crime.

...Right now, we don't know where Grandfather is.

We don't know if he's already become a victim or if he's one of the culprits, ...but this state of confusion must be beneficial to the killer.

The culprit has absolutely nothing to gain by showing us the bodies in such a obvious way and making us all realize there's been a murder.

In fact, this is the perfect place to `spin the chessboard around'.

In other words, showing us the corpses in such a flashy way must be the culprit's goal in and of itself. ...So, at the very least, to the culprit, *the appearance of six corpses there meant * *more than the deaths themselves*.

In other words, the culprit wanted this murder on display. To whom?

...To us. This is a message. The culprit's trying to shove something in our faces.

...I don't know what it is.

At this point in time, this vulgar mass murder isn't making me feel anything except a malice directed towards all of us.

...Malice towards... all of us, ...is it?

Each one of the survivors has some kind of connection to one of the six victims.

Uncle Krauss's death brought Jessica the grief of losing a family member.

The deaths of Dad and Kyrie-san brought me sorrow, while Aunt Rosa's death brought Maria sorrow.

...Gohda-san's death probably shocked his fellow servants, and Shannon-chan's death brought grief both to George-aniki, who had proposed to her, and Kanon-kun, who had loved her like an older sister.

...Everyone now on this island has received an equal amount of sadness.

Aunt Eva was sure that the servants were in cahoots, ...but then, how could you explain the deaths of Gohda-san and Shannon-chan?

...At any rate, by this argument, *the grief caused by the six deaths hit * *everyone but Aunt Eva and Uncle Hideyoshi*.

Even Aunt Eva, who had directed suspicion at the servants and acted as though she herself was beyond suspicion, could not be ruled out as a suspect.

...In the first place, she was able to argue that the servants were suspicious by focusing on the shutter's key, ...but if you look at it from a perspective of motive and who would gain, ...Aunt Eva's name rises to the top of the list.

Eva: "...I know what you're thinking, Battler-kun."

Battler: "Huh? Ihihi, oh no, please don't tell anybody... about how my head's so full of obscene stuff."

Eva: "I'm the one who's going to gain the most from these murders. ...Since I'm going to be suspected anyway, I might as well get it out in the open."

I tried to dodge the issue by joking around, but apparently it didn't work.

Eva: "The inheritance will be divided into as many parts as there are siblings. But right now, I'm the only one of the four left. All of the assets of the Ushiromiya family will become mine. ...Heheheheheh."

Battler: "If Uncle Hideyoshi heard you, he'd say `Could you give it a rest, it's not funny'..."

Eva: "I'm sorry. I was just fooling around, since I'm going to be suspected anyway no matter how much I try to smooth it over. ...That's why, from my point of view, this murder might've been designed to cast suspicion on me. ...Unfortunately, my alibi for last night is weak."

Battler: "Could you tell me a bit more about last night?"

Eva: "As you know, the discussion between the siblings of how to slice up and eat the inheritance continued until late in the night. But I don't know how late it lasted. My husband and I had woken up early that morning. We were so sleepy, and a little past midnight, they let us go. We then returned to the guesthouse and rested there."

Battler: "...Can anyone other than Uncle Hideyoshi prove that? No, wait, it's not like I suspect you or anything, okay? Hihihi!"

Eva: "Oh, are you sure about that? *giggle* I don't know if it counts as proof, but when we returned to the guesthouse, we were greeted by Genji-san, who asked if we needed a towel. I think that should be enough to prove we returned to the guesthouse a little after midnight. ...Though, if my theory was correct, the servants would all be in cahoots, and that wouldn't actually make for much of an alibi."

Battler: "Hey, you've got a point there. Guess that means I'm playing detective with the real culprit right now, huh? Ihihi!"

Eva: "However, let me say this for my honor's sake: if I was after the inheritance, I'd never commit such a bizarre set of murders. After all, if I just wanted to make them forfeit their rights to the inheritance, it wouldn't matter to me how they died. It'd be much smarter of me to try and make their deaths look like accidents. Especially if you're assuming I laid out some careful plan that involved even the servants."

Battler: "You've got a point there... If you're killing someone for personal gain, you definitely shouldn't make it look like a murder."

Eva: "Exactly. That's why I'm in such a blue mood. ...The police will probably treat me like the mastermind and investigate all kinds of things. Not fun at all..."

Aunt Eva shrugged with a bitter smile.

It was just as easy to suspect Aunt Eva as it was to suspect the servants.

So if we `spin the chessboard around', ...does that make it impossible for the culprit to be her, suspicious as she is...?

However, if that sort of argument always works, then motive can never help us in any way.

No, that can't be right... Knowing the motive must give us powerful clues towards knowing the culprit.

...That's why murderers from all time periods disguise crimes in complicated ways, cleverly preventing their motives from being discovered...

...I don't get it. ...I just don't get it... Every time I spin the chessboard around, it keeps flipping from front to back and back to front...

...Are my thoughts bringing me closer to the truth? ...Or are they...

Aunt Eva didn't want to talk any more than that, so I folded my arms and headed to the window to cool my head a little.

As I looked over the parlor, I saw George-aniki and the others gathered, talking. ...It looked like they were talking about the magic circle that had been painted onto the shutter.

As Uncle Hideyoshi thought back to that time, he started drawing the shape in the margins of Maria's notebook.

...I see, since Maria was second only to Grandfather in knowledge of the occult, she might understand what it meant.

Hideyoshi: "Hmmm, I think it was probably somethin' like that! There was a mark that looked like a variation of a cross. And then, surroundin' the circle all around the perimeter were these closely packed strange letters on all four sides of the cross, and in the four corners, there was somethin' written. It didn't look like the alphabet or somethin' like that. It was what they call ancient characters."

Nanjo: "...And, around the top of the circumference, there was a small mark. ...Five small circles arranged in a + sign, and straight lines connecting them..."

Hideyoshi: "Ah, yeah, there definitely was somethin' like that drawn there...! Yep, there's no mistakin' the shape. I don't understand the thin characters, but the arrangement was nearly the same."

Everyone was staring down at the shape, so I stared down at it too.

...From what I'd heard, this had been painted on the shutter to the storehouse with some material that looked like blood.

...I see, this sure is unsettling.

Jessica: "...Grandfather's probably the only one who'd wanna draw something this weird. ...Seriously, where did he go?! I wanna grab him and ask what the hell this is supposed to mean!!"

Jessica's voice contained impatience and anger.

She hadn't gone so far as to say Grandfather was the culprit, but she seemed sure that Grandfather knew something about the culprit's background.

...Of course, if you were searching for a link connecting the Ushiromiya family to the occult, ten out of ten people would think of Grandfather.

...Also, to a person who knew nothing of the occult, this strange mark would have no meaning.

Which meant that, ... this might have been...something addressed to Grandfather...

That's right, and the reason the crime was shown to the survivors was so they'd find this.

...In that case, where had Grandfather, the essential recipient of this message, disappeared off to...?

George: "Does this shape ring any bells...?"

Maria: "... ...Uu-." Maria looked at the shape with a serious face.

...Maybe she was enthusiastic because this was her area of expertise.

...However, her appearance was that of someone separated from the events at hand, ...as though this thing hadn't been drawn on the shutter closed around her mother's corpse...

George: "...My first impression was that the design resembled a German Cross..."

Hideyoshi: "Aah... It certainly does have that kind of design. Does that mean it has somethin' to do with Germany?"

Nanjo: "The German Cross was originally a crest from a religious order of knights and was supposed to protect pilgrims traveling to sacred places..."

Jessica: "...So in other words, this magic circle might have some religious meaning...? This is starting to sound like gibberish..." When I looked over at all of them, preparing to jump into the discussion, ...something shocked me.

Maria was smiling, ...an eerie and incomprehensible expression on her face.

...It was almost as if she was making fun of everyone's ignorance. ...It was an expression I wouldn't have dreamed to find on Maria's face...

And, ...she laughed. That eerie, jarring laugh... was something I didn't want to believe was possible, even though I was looking at it right in front of my eyes.

Maria: "Kihihihi. You people aren't even close. Kihihihi... Can't you tell just by looking? Kihihihi."

While everyone was busy being scared out of their wits, Maria kept on cackling happily by herself...

After a while, that laugh was suddenly and abruptly cut off. But her expression still looked like it belonged to someone completely different from Maria.

Maria: "This is the seventh magic circle of the sun. ...The characters are written in Hebrew. Give it here."

Hideyoshi: "Ah, ...sure."

Maria stole the writing materials from the stunned Hideyoshi's hand. She then started drawing another magic circle with a rustle, right next to the one Hideyoshi had drawn...

Maria: "...See? It looked sort of like this, right?"

Nanjo: "Y-Yes... It was..."

Jessica: "...M-Maria, incredible... You really do know a lot..."

Jessica tried to smooth things over by praising Maria. Maybe she wanted to confirm that this was still the Maria we all knew so well. ...But Maria didn't answer her in any way in particular.

Maria began swiftly writing unfamiliar characters in the corners of the shape.

...When Uncle Hideyoshi and Doctor Nanjo saw them, their eyes immediately began to open wide...

Maria: "Written on the top and bottom and left and right are the names of the angels who preside over wind, fire, earth and water. Chasan, Arel, Phorlakh, and Taliahad. And in the four corners are the names of the four great kings. Ariel, Seraph, Tharshis, and Cherub. ...Is that what you saw?"

Even if they hadn't been able to correctly write what they'd seen, ...when they were once again shown something identical, it wasn't difficult for them to realize the two were the same.

When Maria asked them whether it matched, Uncle Hideyoshi and Doctor Nanjo nodded over and over again.

Hideyoshi: "There's no mistake, that's it. I'm sure there were characters that looked like that...! How were you able to write somethin' like that...?"

Nanjo: "Th-There were also characters written around the circumference..."

Maria: "I know. ...Like this, right?" Maria quickly began to surround the circumference with more Hebrew writing...

Maria: "It's from Psalms of the Old Testament, the 16th and 17th verses of the 116th Psalm. ...You must've at least read the Bible, right? Kihihihi..." Acting as though knowing this was only common sense, Maria laughed.

For a while, everyone, including me, was at a loss for words. ...A little later, George-aniki returned to his senses and slowly managed to speak.

George: "...That's incredible. I'm surprised... ...So, what meaning does this magic circle have?"

Maria: "It's a magic circle to borrow the power of the sun. ...He who wears it as a talisman drawn in gold shall be able to break free from the bonds of any prison and receive the power to gain freedom."

Jessica: "...To break free from bonds... ...and gain freedom...? It sounds deep..."

Maria: "The word `bonds' is not limited in its interpretation to some kind of physical object. ...Therefore, it does not only hold meaning for people locked up in an actual jail. It can also refer to the release from mental bonds such as ties of obligation and inescapable fate."

Battler: "...Ties of obligation and... inescapable fate, ...you say? ...That's also pretty deep."

Hideyoshi: "But I really don't understand... What does this have to do with those six bodies? ...Far from bein' released, they were killed and stuffed in a storehouse, weren't they?!"

Maria: "It's not like the magic circle was drawn for their sakes. The six of them were there for the sake of the magic circle. It is truly pitiable. ...Kihihihi."

George: "What do you mean...? What in the world do you mean when you say the six of them were there for the sake of the magic circle?"

Maria lifted up her pointer finger and waggled it as if she were making fun of us.

Maria: "That's written around the circumference. Can't you read it? Psalms, chapter 116, verses 16 and 17. ...I'll read it for you. `The Lord has freed me from my chains. I will offer to you the sacrifice of thanksgiving, and will call on the name of the Lord.' ...See?"

Jessica: "See, you say... ...I've got no idea what you're talking about."

Battler: "...You're saying... they're human sacrifices?"

If what Maria had just read aloud was a vital part of the magic circle, ...then it was saying that sacrifices had to be offered in order for this magic circle to be effective.

...So, human sacrifices had been offered inside the storehouse, where the magic circle had been drawn...

A heartbeat later, everyone else seemed to reach the same conclusion.

...Some people were shocked, and others spat out that this was insane as they punched their knees...

...This was starting to get incredibly disturbing. ...And we couldn't accept it or understand it.

...I don't care what kind of magic circles or curses other people believe in, I won't pick a fight with them.

...But did they really kill Dad and the rest as sacrifices for crap like that...?! I just couldn't stand that feeling.

...Compared to this, I preferred it when we were still disgusted by that theory about the fight over the inheritance...!

As I started getting pissed off with a feeling between anger and sadness, I broke from the circle everyone was in and returned once again to the window.

...Something had gone insane since yesterday.

There was that letter from the witch, Beatrice, that Maria had read aloud at last night's dinner.

...Ever since that point, it feels like we've... no, like this whole mansion and this whole island have been getting more and more firmly locked inside some kind of bizarre world...

That's right. When I think back on it, that letter was an invitation from the witch. The ruler of the nighttime island had invited us inhabitants of the day into another world.

The phone and the radio had been interrupted and the island was shut off by the typhoon, so you really could call this place another world cut off from the real one by now.

...Yeah, as this island is now, it's perfectly normal for a witch to send us letters and for human sacrifices to be offered up for the sake of magic circles.

...So what will happen next? Will some weird people wearing goat masks start doing the Bon Festival dance or something...?!

...Aah, it's hopeless, it's hopeless, I don't get it... The inside of my head's all screwed up, and I don't even know what to think...

Anger, sadness. The opposing emotions all swirled up together, and they started to suck me in. Unable to resist, ...I could do nothing but cover my eyes with my hands and trust to my mind and body as I started getting sucked in...

...As I started losing heart, I began to recall a memory from when I was small.

It was from when I was very young.

I had unfortunately seen a scary occult movie on TV, and for a while, I hadn't even been able to go to the bathroom by myself. ...That old bastard gave an exaggerated laugh and said this

Rudolf: ...Hey, Battler. Why do you think they go to all the trouble to make movies like this about demons and the occult and such?

Rudolf: It's because they don't exist. ...Something that ridiculous can't be found anywhere on the planet. Because they don't exist, people want to see them and go to a lot of effort making them. That's why those occult movies just make me laugh.

Rudolf: If I were forced to choose, I'd say, rather than demons and monsters, this year's earnings call and angry wives are 100 million times scarier.

Rudolf: I'll go further, okay? From my point of view... Getting scared is a recreational emotion, something for people who've got room to relax both in their hearts and their lifestyles.

Rudolf: They had so much free time, they didn't know what to do with it, so in order to entertain their mind with unusual emotions, people started creating a culture with demons and the occult and stuff.

... ...Seriously, why have I been acting so damn thickheaded? I was totally taken in.

...Don't try to mess with me, this is the human world. I don't give a damn about witches, demons, magic circles and sacrifices.

The human who killed Dad and everyone else is still on this island. That's all there is to it, right...?!

The next person who started speaking to my heart was Kyrie-san.

Kyrie: You see, in both chess and Shogi... When you reach the very, very last stage of the game and get closer and closer to cornering your opponent, the number of optimal moves you could possibly make gets smaller and smaller.

Kyrie: ...Therefore, if you're backing someone against the wall, or if someone's doing the same to you, both players' moves become infinitely easier to read.

Kyrie: In other words, when you're completely cornered and you think you have no moves left, that is the moment when it's easiest to read your opponent.

Kyrie: ...However, when a person is forced into a defensive position, they can't help but lose their ability to think clearly, so they aren't able to get their minds around their opponent's moves.

Kyrie: ...That's when you `spin the chessboard around'.

With all my strength, I slapped my face with both hands. ...Now, my eyes were truly open.

When you don't understand anything, and you're completely cornered just like I am now, isn't that the perfect time to `spin the chessboard around'...?!

While on the defensive, we can't even guess at the culprit's scheme.

...If we spin it around and look at it that way, just what might we see?

...First off, at the time the culprit committed the murders, they knew the island was being cut off by the typhoon. Therefore, they should've understood that even if they carried out the murders, they wouldn't be able to get away early the next morning.

In short, the culprit had begun without securing a way to escape.

Furthermore, that bastard tossed the corpses in the storehouse, then was even kind enough to say `Here they are!' with that weird bit of graffiti.

In other words, since we'd probably find the corpses sooner or later, they `wanted to show them to us'.

...If we'd all been dim... and hadn't noticed the storage shed, the culprit's goal `would not have been achieved', would it?

Hehe, if you think about it this way, that bastard of a culprit... Since this morning, they must've been watching our every move with bated breath.

After all, if we hadn't been so kind as to discover what was on the storehouse, all of that hard work and preparation they did last night would've just gone `poof'.

What did the culprit want to make us feel by showing us the corpses in the storehouse?

All six of the bodies had their faces noticeably destroyed. ...Was it a grudge? A warning?

The defacement of the bodies had occurred after death. So it hadn't been the means by which the culprit had killed. It didn't mean anything to those who had been killed. ...It `did have meaning to those who found the bodies'.

The culprit wanted to make it appear that they had been killed so brutally.

Ha! After thinking this way, I really wanna tell that bastard to stop taking me so lightly. Who'd just dance to that tune? If you're told `Please be scared', you can't just say `Really? Sure thing!'

...When someone tells the great Ushiromiya Battler `the entrance is right here', I'm the kind of guy who'll start wanting to sneak in through the window!

The next thing that had me concerned was that so-called magic circle on the shutter.

...As Maria, who had shown that her knowledge of the occult rivaled Grandfather's, had recognized, that magic circle was genuine.

They must have drawn that thing in pitch-black darkness, taking a lot of time and holding an umbrella in one hand. Isn't that amount of hard work and perfectionism impressive?

What purpose would've been worth all of that effort?

...If we were looking for a fan of the occult in this mansion, most likely, all of us would naturally suspect Grandfather.

Did they want to `make us think Grandfather was involved'?

But if that's all they wanted, they could've just drawn any old scribble that looked like a magic circle. It wasn't like any of us amateurs would be able to tell the difference between genuine and fake.

...However, this magic circle was genuine, and furthermore, it had even been written in Hebrew.

...So this magic circle had a message... `that could only be understood by someone with knowledge of the occult'.

A message is a form of communication. ...By sending it, they were hoping for a reaction.

...A reaction?

...For some reason, we couldn't find Grandfather now.

I don't know how Grandfather might've spotted the magic circle on the shutter, but did he choose to hide himself in reaction to that...?

No, was it a trap to make us suspect that Grandfather had participated? ...You could read it either way, damn that's annoying.

...What kind of reaction was the culprit hoping to get out of us by putting on this occult show...? Somehow, that felt like the culprit's weak point...

The letter from Beatrice that Maria had read aloud during last night's dinner sprang back into my mind.

...This was a freak who'd asked us to enjoy a battle of wits.

Isn't that interesting? This is a battle of wits between us and the witch.

Will we be sucked up by her occult game first? Or will we pull off her fake skin first?

...There's a whole day until the typhoon passes. Why not enjoy ourselves...?!

I finally noticed that the inside of the parlor had gone quiet again.

Everyone had sunk into their favorite sofas, some deep in thought, some irritated, some acting depressed.

Maria was once again enjoying the TV as if she'd never left it.

It looked like she found the commercials more fun than the boring program, and she happily yelled `uu-uu-' and giggled.

I stared at each person's appearance in turn. If there isn't a 19th person, ...the culprit must be in this room.

...Right now, Aunt Natsuhi's searching the mansion with the servants, right?

...Then we shouldn't say `in this room.' ...`In this mansion'...is where the culprit has to be.

...After all, it's possible Aunt Natsuhi was behind this, ...and we still can't deny that one of the servants might be the killer. ...Anyone could be guilty.

Still, Aunt Natsuhi and the rest sure are taking their time...

Of course, it's not a small mansion, but isn't this taking a little too long just to walk around, checking the windows and doors...?

Just as I was thinking this, Aunt Natsuhi and the rest returned. Not one of them was missing. ...But our relief was short-lived. Everyone looked at Aunt Natsuhi in shock...

...The talk I'd had with Aunt Eva started to creep back into my mind.

The possibility that the culprits had enough in numbers or weapons to kill all of those six at once...

Natsuhi: "...Forgive me if I've startled you. I brought this to be prepared for the worst." After all, that thing in Aunt Natsuhi's hand was a rifle.

At a glance, its silhouette looked a lot like a hunting gun, but it was unusually short and kinda looked like a kid-sized weapon.

However, it had a weightiness to it that made it clear it was no kid's toy.

Nanjo: "...That gun is Kinzo-san's, isn't it...?"

Natsuhi: "Did you know about it? That's right. I remembered it was in Father's old collection, and I managed to find it."

Battler: "Whoa! Awesome... Natsuhi-san, is that thing real?"

Natsuhi: "Yes, it's real. It can fire live ammunition. Long ago, Father used it to scare away wild birds."

Eva: "...Ah, that takes me back. Where did you find that thing...? No matter how much I asked him to let me touch it, he never let me lay even one finger on it."

Jessica: "Oh... Grandfather had one of these...? I didn't know that."

Eva: "Long ago, Grandfather was really addicted to cowboy films. That generation really liked this kind of rifle."

George: "Is that a Winchester? But I've never seen one that short before."

Hideyoshi: "Ah! I remember, it's that gun! That really takes me back. That's the one Steam McQueen fired off in Wanted: Alive or Dead!! Father sure has good taste...!"

Genji: "...It is an item the Master ordered specially from America, long ago. ...As you can see, it is a working gun, so please don't tell anyone about this..."

Kumasawa: "He was quite fond of it right after he managed to acquire it. It seems the workings that ejected the cartridges were more interesting to him than shooting it, and he played around with it back in the forest all the time. Hohohohoh..."

Eva: "...Still, it's rather disturbing. Are you sure you should be dragging this out?"

Natsuhi: "This is to prepare for the worst. ...There was probably more than one offender involved. Furthermore, those horrible people killed six of us, including my husband. ...I have a responsibility to protect everyone until tomorrow, in my husband's place."

As Natsuhi-san said this, she slumped down into one of the sofas and took a deep breath.

She had been trying to find Grandfather, ...as well as check the doors and windows.

Since Grandfather wasn't with her, she probably still didn't know where he was.

Natsuhi: "...I carefully checked all of the doors and windows throughout the mansion. However, we must be prepared for anything. Everyone, I think it would be best if we all remained here."

Eva: "Oh, good point. If everyone's gathered here, then we can all feel more secure by keeping an eye on each other."

Natsuhi: "...What do you mean by that, Eva-san?"

Eva: "Nothing really. I'm just agreeing with your opinion, aren't I?"

There was a stormy atmosphere between the two of them... If you think about who was the most suspicious from the inheritance problem standpoint, Aunt Eva was the obvious answer.

...However, there was no proof that Aunt Natsuhi was innocent.

...No, if you view Beatrice's letter as one of Grandfather's complicated pranks and think of this crime as just an extension of that, there's more than enough reason to suspect even Grandfather.

Also, Aunt Natsuhi thought the criminal was on the outside. ...But Aunt Eva thought the criminal was on the inside.

In short, it was the question of whether or not a 19th person exists.

...That same question has been repeated endlessly since last night's dinner, with the letter from the witch who called herself Beatrice.

...So was the culprit among us, or not? And did the witch Beatrice exist, or not?

If you assume that something as stupid as a witch can't exist, you're basically saying that one of these relatives here, who share a common bloodline, is the culprit.

If that was too unpleasant, it'd be much more comfortable to simply accept the fairy tale-like character of the witch.

...A witch? A witch drawing a bizarre magic circle and offering human sacrifices?

If I could accept that rubbish, ...I'd be able to trust all the people in this room.

However, damn common sense got in the way. ...It kept repeating that witches don't exist.

...In that case, ...the culprit must be among us...

In the middle of the seemingly endless rain, none of us could break the silence...

# Chapter 12
# label: *umi1_12
# Aftermath of the first twilight. Eyecatch: October 5 (Sun) 16:00 → 19:00.

Lunch ended, and the servants removed the tableware and went to the kitchen. The wind and rain neither weakened nor strengthened, and the island remained cut off from the outside world.

At first, it seemed as though Natsuhi planned to stop anyone from taking a step outside the room, but when it came time to prepare lunch, she finally realized this would be impossible.

However, in order to avoid having anyone alone in the kitchen, she told the three servants to go together.

Because of that, the servants were the first ones given the right to leave the stuffy parlor, which had been packed with eleven people.

...Since breakfast had immediately followed that terrible incident, preventing most of us from eating much, everyone tore into their lunches in silence.

Kumasawa: "I will wash the dishes, so you can rest a while, Kanon-kun, Genji-san. ...Do you want something to drink?"

Genji: "...I don't need anything. ...Kanon?"

Kanon: "...I don't need anything either."

Kumasawa: "You two must have been so busy, and so early in the morning... It's no wonder you're worn out..."

The only noise was that of Kumasawa washing the dishes, which resounded throughout the kitchen.

Genji and Kanon sat in some chairs a short distance away, their eyes lightly closed. Just as Kumasawa had said, those two had probably built up a great deal of fatigue.

But that didn't mean they could let it show in front of the relatives. ...Avoiding that was one of their virtues.

After the silence had continued for some time, ...Kanon opened his mouth and muttered.

Kanon: "...Shannon... ...Why...did she have to die in such a horrible way...?"

Genji: "...Forget about the manner of her death. ...It was...nothing more than bad luck."

Kanon: "...You're right. ...It was nothing more than bad luck..." They both fell silent once again. ...Kanon's expression was filled with grief.

Kumasawa: "To think that Shannon-chan's actually dead... I still can't believe it. ...Poor thing... ...Not being able to see her again feels like a lie... I just wanted to see her smiling face one more time..."

Kumasawa spoke with her back facing them.

...After all, Kumasawa hadn't seen Shannon's corpse, so she had no trouble mentioning Shannon's face.

...When Kanon heard those words, it reminded him again of how only half of Shannon's face had been left, and his grieving expression twisted even further...

Kanon: "...Why did Beatrice-sama do that to Shannon...? ...If she wanted a sacrifice, there were plenty of others to choose from... ...Why, ...why...?!"

Genji: "...It was nothing more than bad luck. ...If we were less lucky, you or I might have been lying out there instead of Shannon. Or it could have been someone else entirely. ...Everything is left to fate."

Kanon: "Genji-sama, ...you said the door to Madam's room was stained with traces of something like blood, right...? The same substance that was painted on the shutter?"

Genji: "...Indeed. ...It was an unsettling mark. Almost as though someone with blood-stained fingers had been trying to pull out the doorknob... no, scratch through the door... ...That sort of unpleasant mark."

Kanon: "So does this mean... Beatrice-sama came to visit Madam's room... and tried to open the door, but couldn't...?"

Genji thought back to the time he had seen those traces of blood on the door to Natsuhi's room...

With the substance sticking to the door around the doorknob, and the marks of something scratching against the door, ...it had definitely appeared as though someone had tried to open the door, but couldn't...

Kanon: "...How... did the Madam avoid being chosen as a sacrifice...? If only she'd been chosen, ...Shannon wouldn't... Shannon wouldn't have had to die..."

Just then, a loud, sharp noise came in from the hall. Both of them turned around, surprised.

Battler: "...That's a pretty interesting chat you're having there. Let me join in too." Before any of the servants realized it, Battler was standing in the doorway to the kitchen.

Kanon: "...Battler-sama, how rude of us..."

Genji-san and Kanon-kun stood up, surprised, and hastily bowed.

...But I didn't care about stuff like that. I was more concerned with continuing their discussion.

Battler: "I told them I was going to the bathroom, so they let me go. I thought I'd suffocate if I was locked up in that room any longer. ...I was about to come ask you guys for some water, but then I overheard something pretty interesting. ...You don't need to bow your heads or anything. Please, let me hear the rest."

Kanon: "...That just now...wasn't really..."

Battler: "I've been listening to you for a while. Don't try to hide it now. ...So I'll ask directly. ...Who is this Beatrice? She's supposed to be a witch from a kid's story, but it doesn't look that way now."

Kanon: "..."

Kanon-kun averted his gaze. ...It was obvious that he didn't want to talk about this, ...which only made me want to ask even more.

While making an effort to smile, I grabbed the collar of his shirt.

Battler: "...Last night, this would've been none of my business. But after this morning, everything's changed. Now that Dad and the rest have been killed, this is totally my business. ...I have the right to listen to this suspicious story, don't I...?"

I glared into Kanon's eyes as he continued to avert his gaze in apparent pain. Since there was a big difference in our heights, Kanon had to stand on his toes and it looked like it hurt a bit.

Kumasawa: "...Battler-san, ...please let go of him... Kanon-san isn't really hiding anything..."

Battler: "Then you won't have any problem talking about it, right? It's lonely being out of the loop, you know?"

When I tried to further twist up his collar, Genji-san cut between us and spoke. ...In his expression were faint traces that he'd made up his mind to do something.

...Apparently, he had no intention of hiding it.

Genji: "...I can tell you about it. ...Kanon only hesitated because you might have taken it badly, Battler-sama..."

Battler: "Hesitating, huh? Not very manly of you. Whatever it is you're talking about, it's even more unpleasant having it kept a secret. ...Tell me about it. It's not like we have anything better to do before tomorrow comes. A slightly spooky story might be the best way to avoid getting bored."

Genji-san and Kanon-kun looked at each other, then nodded as though they'd decided to talk...

Kanon: "...Understood. Please ask us anything. ...We will talk."

Battler: "Right. Then I'll ask. ...Who in the world is Beatrice? ...All I know is that she's a witch who lives in the forest of Rokkenjima. ...I've heard it's a story Grandmother or someone invented to keep people out of the dangerous forest. ...Is that wrong?"

Kanon: "...No, ...it isn't wrong. It's as you say. Beatrice is a witch who dwells in the forest of Rokkenjima."

Genji: "...Battler-sama, ...I don't expect you to believe this all of a sudden, ...but Beatrice-sama exists. ...She is a real person, the one who gave the Master a vast amount of gold and who worked by his side for many years."

Battler: "Huh...? Ah, come on... Is Grandfather paying you to repeat everything he says...?"

I laughed like it was a joke, but neither Genji-san nor Kanon-kun laughed, ...not even Kumasawa baa-chan, who was avoiding my eyes, flustered, as she started washing the dishes.

So, unfortunately, I was the only one laughing. ...Painfully, bitterly.

Battler: "...I see, that's why Genji-san refused to mention it. ...If you really mean it, of course I'd take it badly. ...So, you're saying that a person named Beatrice actually exists?"

Genji: "...Yes. She has been working for the Master since before the mansion was built on this island. ...She has most likely been working for him even longer than I have."

Battler: "What do you know, Kyrie-san's theory was off... ...Grandfather really did have a confidante called Beatrice. ...Is that person on the island now...?"

Kanon: "...Yes. I believe that she is here."

Battler: "...That's a vague way to say it. I guess that means you haven't seen her face today or yesterday."

Kanon: "...That is correct. ...It is extremely difficult to say, but... umm..."

Kanon-kun once again dropped his gaze, avoiding my eyes.

Battler: "...Come on, don't just stop there. That's like freezing an inch before the blow, right?" I urged him on jokingly again.

...However, it looked like Kanon was still confused as to whether he should speak or not.

...Then, Kumasawa baa-chan whispered.

Kumasawa: "...Hohohoh... You cannot see her face, ...because Beatrice-sama has no form..."

Battler: "...She has no... ...what did you say?"

Genji: "Beatrice-sama has no body. ...Therefore, unless Beatrice-sama wishes it, common people like us are not able to see her form."

Kumasawa: "I have heard that the portrait shows what Beatrice-sama looked like back when she had a human form... ...It seems he yearned for that figure so much, he would often stand in front of that portrait... ...Hohohoh..."

Kanon: "Beatrice-sama sometimes shows herself by changing her form into glittering butterflies. ...On the rare occasion that you spot them somewhere in the mansion, there is a rule that you absolutely mustn't chase after them. It is whispered that you will meet with disaster if you do. ...In fact, there was a servant who broke that rule and quit because of a great injury."

Battler: "...Wait a sec, are you kidding me? Are you all serious about this...?"

Genji: "...Battler-sama, Beatrice-sama has already arrived. Such language may be unwise."

Kanon: "Beatrice-sama does not like it when she is profaned. ...If you doubt her existence, you will surely meet with disaster."

Kumasawa: "Battler-san, ...you probably find this topic unpleasant. But you know what? Beatrice-sama does `exist'."

Genji: "...She `exists'. Beatrice-sama hates people who doubt that."

Kanon: "...Can't you tell, Battler-sama? ...Beatrice-sama has already arrived here..."

Battler: "...Come on, quit it. I'm weak against that stuff... Enough with the cheap threats..."

However, there was no trace of a joke in the eyes of the three servants.

On the surface, I laughed and tried to look unconcerned, but I was quickly starting to sober up. ...Their eyes were also sobering up fast.

Kumasawa: "...Battler-san, ...I beg that you stop profaning Beatrice-sama. Please trust me..."

Kumasawa baa-chan, who was usually cheerful and would always tease people, ...now spoke with a totally serious face.

Battler: "...W-Well, ...even if you say she exists, ...I don't see anything... Are you trying to say she's standing right next to me or something? Quit joking around..."

Maria: "Kihihihi..."

Just then, that unnerving laugh suddenly filled the kitchen...

...When I turned around, Maria was standing there by the entrance. ...But her expression and the feeling about her, her presence...felt exactly the same as the servants.

Maria: "...Whether your wavelength matches or not is determined at birth. Battler, you were born with a mismatched wavelength. That's why you can't see her. That's why you can't meet with her, and that's why you can't talk to her. ...Kihihihi. You're the type Beatrice hates the most."

Maria laughed like it was funny, ...but it sounded extremely eerie.

...It was almost like she was laughing at me because I alone didn't understand.

Maria: "Do you want to know about Beatrice? ...Beatrice is a thousand-year-old witch. ...With all of the demons at her command, she can harness the power of alchemy to create the philosopher's stone and a vast quantity of gold. Grandfather built up all the vast wealth of the Ushiromiya family by making a contract with her."

Maria: "...Yesterday, I read Beatrice's letter, didn't I? That was real. ...Well, I guess it's pointless for me to try and force you to believe. ...After all, it looks like you were born without a trace of the sixth sense. Kihihihi...!"

Battler: "...What are you talking about? Witches, demons? Who told you about that...?"

Maria: "Kihihihi. I heard it from Beatrice herself. Kihihihi!"

Maria kept doing that unpleasant laugh. ...However, the servants who watched over this didn't even blink.

She heard it from...that witch in the portrait adorning the entrance hall.

Maria kept on laughing in a weird voice, as though this was nothing more or less than the truth...

Battler: "...Maria, it might be rude to ask, but I'll ask one more time, okay...? Who gave you that letter yesterday?"

Maria: "I got it from Beatrice. How many times must I tell you before you understand? ...You don't get it, do you? You can't see it. You can't believe it, can you? ...Kihihihi." Just then, Maria's laughter suddenly stopped.

Maria: "...Battler, you still don't understand? Beatrice-sama `exists'."

Battler: "She `exists', you say, ...but where?"

Maria: "Like I said, Beatrice-sama `exists' here."

...That's right. Now that I think about it, I've been feeling for a while now...that the servants' eyes haven't been pointed in quite the right direction.

...I'd figured they were just staring absentmindedly, but...that wasn't the case.

The four here: Genji-san, Kanon-kun, Kumasawa-san, and Maria... ...Everyone except me... ...was looking at a spot right behind me...

Holding my breath tightly, I slowly looked over my shoulder. ...Of course, there wasn't anyone there. I've known that the whole time!

...However, everyone in the room except me was focusing on that point as if there was someone there.

Maria: "Beatrice is the mighty Golden Witch, who has lived for one thousand years. ...But since she can't show her form to humans of the wrong wavelength, she can't talk to them. ...And you know what? That's really sad. ...It means she truly despises it when people like you, who were born without a fragment of the ability needed to sense magic, deny that she exists...!"

Maria: "...You're lucky, Battler. Good thing I gave you that charm yesterday, right? Don't you realize what kind of curse Beatrice would have put on you by now if you hadn't been carrying it around? ...You really are lucky, Battler. Kihihihi...!"

Battler: "...Oh, that scorpion keychain. I thought that was just some cheap gift or something, but are you saying it really had some power?"

Maria: "Kihihihi. If it weren't for that, you'd be lying in that storehouse as a sacrifice with your face crushed by now. Kihihihi, you're so lucky, Battler...! Kihihihi!"

Battler: "...I see. So if it weren't for that, I'd have been killed by now..."

Maria: "Battler, why don't you believe in Beatrice...? Even though she `exists'. Right now, over there, look. Kihihihi! Hey, I'll bet you want to believe it now. Believe it. And thank me for giving you that charm...! If it weren't for that, you'd be in the storehouse right now. But then, maybe you would've saved someone else in exchange, right? Kihihihi!"

Pfft.

...Right then, I burst into laughter.

Playing witches had been pretty fun up until a second ago, but unfortunately, that last one seemed to be too much for me to gloss over.

Battler: "Hahaha. ...Then it's all useless, isn't it, Maria? If that's true, then I'm sorry, but it's all useless."

When Maria saw me suddenly start laughing, she stopped.

Even though she didn't understand what I was laughing at, she realized it wouldn't be pleasant for her.

Maria: "..."

Battler: "I thought it might hurt you, so I didn't say it earlier, but... ...Well, I thought I'd put that charm you gave me in my pocket, but I must've dropped it somewhere."

Battler: "...So the charm can't be the only reason I'm alive now, and even though I should've been cursed by the witch, I'm perfectly fine. ...Sorry, but I don't believe in things I don't see with my own eyes."

Battler: "Sixth senses? Wavelengths? Magic sensitivity? Sorry, but I don't believe in fake stuff like that. When I hear the girls in class start talking about how good or bad their ability to sense the supernatural is, it pisses me off! ...I don't know how much Grandfather is paying you, but if you're trying to talk me into joining some cult, believe me, you won't be able to do it that easily."

Kanon: "...Battler-sama..."

Battler: "...You guys are free to believe whatever you want. However, when it comes to the things I believe, the one who decides is always me! Sorry, but I can't believe in something as shady as Beatrice until I've seen her with my own eyes...!!"

I spoke forcefully and sharply... Then, Maria started cackling again.

Maria: "Kihihihi...! Well that's just fine, isn't it...? Eventually, even people like you with totally mismatched wavelengths will be able to see Beatrice."

Maria: "...Very soon, she will revive. Beatrice will revive. ...Once that happens, she's promised to talk with me and play with me a lot. ...There'll be absolutely no need for you to doubt or for us to force you to believe. ...She will appear, very soon. Kihihihi...!"

After a meal, some people tend to head to the bathroom, while others prefer to relax for a bit. It seemed that several people had left the parlor, just like I did when I went to the kitchen to drink some water.

In the end, Aunt Natsuhi reluctantly retracted her order that everyone remain packed into the parlor, on the condition that no one headed out on their own or strayed too far.

In any case, if eleven people are shut up in the same room starting early in the morning, the air will start to stagnate.

...Also, quite some time had passed, so everyone was starting to recover from the shock of that morning, and their sense of danger might've been weakening too.

...However, it was a certain fact that six people had been killed inside this mansion, so no one was completely negligent.

So whenever they went out into the hallway for a breath of fresh air, trying to act tough, ...they would quickly get scared of standing there, isolated, and would eventually return to the parlor.

...I guess it's like `The North Wind and the Sun'. If you force someone to stay shut in, they'll resist, but if you tell them to do whatever they want, they'll come back obediently.

People really do like not doing what they're told.

...When the servants finished cleaning up from the meal, they returned obediently to the parlor, just as Aunt Natsuhi had told them to, and sat on a sofa near the entrance, patiently awaiting orders.

Maria, almost as though she had suddenly finished playing witches, had returned to the pure Maria I knew well, saying `uu-uu-'.

...What in the world happened back there? ...I hadn't felt even an atom of the `presence' of this person called Beatrice, who was supposedly standing behind me, invisible.

...However, it felt like I'd glimpsed a little of that presence inside Maria...

George: "You're right. When Maria starts talking about witches, her personality changes. ...Battler-kun, you also saw it down by the beach yesterday, right?"

Battler: "You mean that scorpion keychain? ...No, I don't mean like when her feelings were hurt, I'm talking about her having a dual personality or something."

Jessica: "Yeah, that happens sometimes too. ...That thing Maria did when she was talking about the magic circle does happen every now and then. It's freaky though."

Apparently, Jessica had spotted that `Kihihihi' Maria a few times.

I just happened to catch it at a bad moment...and was pretty freaked out seeing it for the first time...

Battler: "So what is that? Does Maria have a dual personality or something? Or are you saying that her spiritual sense really is that strong, and she's being possessed by a spirit or whatever?"

George: "...No, I don't think it's that. Haven't you ever experienced it? When you were small, didn't you ever want to be someone other than yourself?"

When humans are born, no one has any individuality. However, when they reach their growth period, their sense of self starts to be born.

They want to be different than other people.

...But since everyone else in their class is learning the same things at the same rate and being forced into the same lifestyle, of course they aren't going to find anything that makes them different from everyone else around them.

Once they realize that, the first thing they do is to start breaking the rules, in what's called their rebellious stage. Since everyone else follows the rules, they want to show off their individuality by breaking them.

...So even those who try to act tough, mocking everyone around them and calling them childish... can actually be viewed as cute kids searching for themselves, if you look at it this way.

...Well, I'm lecturing about all this like I'm so smart, but I actually got it secondhand from George-aniki.

I myself was one of those embarrassing guys who thought it was cool to act like a little bastard... Well, that was when I was at the age where you try to show off for the opposite sex.

George: "The main feature of the growing period lies in an impulse to break away from your life as a kid, like a chick trying to crack open the shell of their egg. Do you know what makes children and adults different?"

Battler: "Age? Or do you mean size?"

George: "No, it's experience. Adults can look down on children because children have very little life experience. The reason they snort at everything children say...is because they think kids know nothing about the real world."

Jessica: "Yeah, I understand that. When you're a kid, you talk like you've got life all figured out somehow, trying to act like an adult. ...No matter what kids say, adults just snort at them and say they're too naive, or that they'll `understand when they get older' or something. ...Well, it's probably true, but to a kid, it's just annoying, like they're being looked down upon."

Battler: "...I get it. It's a question of knowledge and experience. ...Well, I guess you're right that there's no reason to respect a person for their age if they've just wasted their lives."

George: "Therefore, during the period when they try to separate themselves from other children, they also try to take on personality traits different from those around them. And if knowledge and experience is what separates kids and adults..."

Battler: "...I get it, if they know something no one else knows, it becomes part of their identity."

Jessica: "You know, when I was in elementary school, I'd learn things no one else knew, get things no one else had, wear things no one else wore, and became a bit of a hero for it. I'll bet you've done the same thing, Battler."

Battler: "Yeah, yeah. There was definitely an age when I wanted to excel in some skill or other. ...I see, so that's because I was trying to separate myself from being a child, ...or going through my growing period, in other words."

George: "If you put a positive spin on it, the growing period forces you to separate yourself from others, thereby pushing you to gain skills and knowledge no one else has. ...This is also interesting from a sociological standpoint. Because people hate being like everyone else, they try to learn skills other people don't know. In this way, society can acquire the broad range of skills it needs to survive. ...The quality of the gods' programming is truly surprising."

Battler: "Well, unique personality traits can also be negative, right? Like if, say, everyone in the class was studying hard, but I was the only one slacking off, trying to stand out."

...Okay, that last bit really was true about me.

It's only recently that I've been able to thank the middle school teacher who slapped me after school.

Battler: "But, well, I'd try to jump over things no one else could, sprint as fast as I could, trying to lap those guys with good grades when we did a marathon. I just felt like doing it. ...It was in my nature that, if I couldn't study well, then at least I could get back at them by exercising. ...I see, so I really did go through a proper growing period."

Jessica: "I guess boys really do tend to focus more on physical stuff. But you know? Girls of the same age tend to focus more on mental, spiritual things. ...I'll bet there were groups of girls in your classes that got really interested in fortune telling and their spiritual senses."

Battler: "Yeah, yeah! There were, there were! They'd come over, asking me for my sign and my blood type! And then they'd laugh `Aah, I thought so, *giggle*giggle*!' It really got on my nerves. No matter which class you go to, girls like fortune telling. Deciding whether your spirit sense is strong or weak, what your sensitivity is, whether you can see the unseeable. That kind of thing definitely happened to me."

George: "That's because fortune telling and spiritual senses are things that aren't taught in school. To girls, who tend to be more introverted, it's a genre that's easy to build an identity upon, and one that holds a lot of interest for them."

Jessica: "Just like how, when boys enter their growing period, they start acting tough and rebel against adults, when girls enter their growing period, they start getting interested in that kind of thing. ...Well, I didn't though!"

Battler: "...So, Maria having so much interest in the occult isn't that rare among girls her age?"

...Even if we accept that, ...I wonder if it explains that creepy dual personality thing...

...Actually, I think I probably could accept that explanation, more or less.

George: "As you just said, becoming an adult means gaining knowledge and experience. So, to gain that, it's necessary for children to learn all sorts of things and break free from childhood. ...However, there are certain `convenient' delusions that you see often in the world of children, both now and in the past. Do you know what I mean?"

Jessica: "You see it all the time in manga and anime, right? It's kinda like that. Like you've got memories from a previous life that start to resurface. Like you're being possessed by the soul of the great something, or whatever."

Battler: "Ah, or it could be that a sleeping gene gets awakened, or maybe a sealed power or memory returns. There's all kinds. For some reason, stuff like that's really popular at that age. ...Why's that?"

George: "All of those examples you've just mentioned are illusions that let children immediately add to their sum of knowledge and experience. If a nine-year-old girl says she has a thousand-year-old witch possessing her, then she gains a 1009-year-old identity."

Jessica: "So, basically, studying is annoying. But these delusions are `convenient' for people who wanna brag about having a skill no one else has, amazing the people around them."

So you could brag about something without having to work hard or study. ...I see, isn't that a kid's greatest dream?

George: "Furthermore, in their desire to separate themselves from being kids, they always project an image of their ideal self, and it's not rare for that desired self to become an alternate personality. Even you, Battler-kun, probably had a slightly different personality at home and at school, right? It'd probably be embarrassing if your friends at school saw how you were at home. At school, you try to project yourself as you want to be, but home is where you're your true self."

Battler: "...So, in other words, I'm changing my personality depending on the situation. ...Are you trying to say having multiple personalities is actually really common?"

Jessica: "A girl who's a fan of the occult might say she's being possessed or `awakened'. Honestly, there are some kids who change their personalities so much it's creepy. ...And some boys do it too, right? Guys who say they've blown their top and suddenly turn into some overplayed violent character. I'll bet they think it's pretty cool, but it's painful to watch."

Battler: "Let's sum this all up. ...So you're saying...that even if a girl about Maria's age shows a creepy second personality like she did a minute ago, it isn't such a rare or unusual thing...?"

George: "Simply put, that's right. ...Identity is an important factor when building up one's sense of self. If you make fun of it, it could actually cause children to go back into their shells. So it's important to go along with them to some degree. ...Although the broad-mindedness of the parent determines whether they play along in full or not."

Battler: "...Aniki, I can't believe you're single... You sound like you've already raised kids through middle school. ...So, I wonder if Aunt Rosa also knew much about Maria's dual personality."

Jessica: "She knew about it. ...Just between us, Aunt Rosa really hated it. She said it was unpleasant and that Maria was becoming increasingly isolated from the rest of the class. So any time Maria started talking about the occult or laughing like a witch, she'd slap her. ...And it looks like Maria stopped talking that way in front of her."

...Maybe that thing back there... was just a little game from a girl facing her growing period.

Just a girl trying to show that she was different and independent by holding interest in witches and the occult.

...And since she wanted to be different from herself, young as she was, she was switching between her normal personality and the personality of her ideal, a witch.

...At first, I'd found that very disturbing, but after being lectured by George-aniki, it felt like this was a path everyone walked down at one time or another.

...I haven't told anyone, but when I was in kindergarten, I joined up with a little gang of kids trying to form an Earth Defense Force, saying we'd help protect peace on earth.

My face turns red when I remember how, during what we called battle practice, we would chant `EDF! EDF!'...

Just like usual, Maria was relaxing, immersed in the TV, `uu-uu-'ing and laughing just like any girl her age.

...But on the inside, another personality, that of the ideal witch she respected and blindly accepted, was sleeping.

But that wasn't anything extraordinary. It was perfectly natural for a girl of her age...

...I've calmed down a little. The shock from my bizarre experience in the kitchen just now is fading away.

...If I hadn't talked to Aniki and Jessica, I might still be frightened by the idea that an invisible witch is standing right behind me.

...However, ...can I really accept that as an explanation for what happened back there?

If it had just been Maria, I could've explained it as the fickle delusions of a growing girl.

But Genji-san, Kanon-kun, and Kumawasa baa-chan had also been there. None of them had denied what Maria said.

...They silently accepted that Beatrice `exists'.

I was starting to feel a little uneasy...

Aunt Eva's position was that no 19th person existed, that the crime was an inside job tied to the family quarrels.

On the other hand, Aunt Natsuhi's position was that the culprit was hiding somewhere outside the mansion. So she rejected the possibility of an inside job and supported the idea that a 19th person existed.

And in the kitchen, Maria and the servants had also supported the idea of a 19th person.

But according to them, this 19th person isn't human. ...They said it was an invisible witch, carrying out some mysterious plan.

Is there a 19th person...or not? And is the culprit human...or a witch?

For some reason, I couldn't just laugh off any of those possibilities. ...Not even the most ridiculous story about the witch.

Battler: "...Jessica, all I know about the story of the witch... is that the adults made it up to keep the kids too scared to enter the forest, ...but is the story different here in the mansion...?"

Jessica: "...Hmmm... I feel the same way you do, okay? I think it was just a stupid ghost story that parents made up so their kids would listen to them. ...But I can't deny that the atmosphere inside the mansion makes it a little hard to say it out loud..."

George: "...After all, Grandfather has proclaimed that Beatrice exists. And because of their position, the servants can't doubt that. Even Uncle Krauss and Aunt Natsuhi don't want to get into a fight with him, so on the surface, they go along with it. ...So, it's probably fair to say that doubting the existence of Beatrice is taboo to those who live and work in this mansion. Unlike the rest of us, who only come here once a year. ...Is that right?"

Jessica took a deep breath in admiration... It looked like Aniki had guessed right.

Jessica: "...It's just like you say. No one really believes it on the inside. ...But on the outside, they accept that she exists. See, it's just like the way some people are about God. Even if they know God doesn't exist, they feel like it'd be uncouth if they actually said it out loud..."

Battler: "...How do you think the servants feel about it? Are they just going along with it because Grandfather, their employer, says that she `exists'...?"

Jessica: "Well... I don't really know the details, ...but between the servants, the story about Beatrice has been treated like a sort of ghost story. ...Remember yesterday? When Shannon was talking to us down by the beach? That story about how one night, when she was doing the rounds in the mansion, she saw something unsettling?"

She did say something like that, didn't she...

Back then, I thought she was just being really nice to help improve Maria's mood, ...but it felt like she was serious when she said it.

...That's right, she definitely said it.

...She definitely said the same kind of thing that Genji and the rest had all unanimously declared back in the kitchen...

Shannon: "In addition, some servants have also seen will-o'-the-wisps and glittering butterflies dancing around. ...Kanon-kun also saw something like that when he went patrolling one night. And recently, you often hear servants talking about strange footsteps heard inside the mansion near midnight. We've whispered together that the Beatrice-sama in the portrait sometimes makes herself invisible and walks through the mansion. ...It happened a while ago, but even I have heard footsteps while patrolling at night that resemble these stories."

...That's right, she definitely said that. Exactly the same thing that I had been told just now.

Shannon: "Ah, ...but there's nothing to be afraid of. Beatrice-sama is another ruler of this mansion, separate from the Master. So, there's no need to be unnaturally afraid. If you respect her, I hear she won't do anything bad."

George: "However, she can be quite terrifying if you don't respect her, right?"

Shannon: "...Correct. I've heard that, just before I began working here, someone who spoke badly about Beatrice-sama fell down the stairs and quit after receiving a large injury to their back. Because of that, there was a rumor between the servants that Beatrice-sama's anger had been brought down upon this person..."

Battler: "...If you don't respect her, you'll suffer her wrath and get hurt. ...So, to the servants, Beatrice's existence is just as credible as the story that, if you pull pranks on Inari-san, you'll receive Kitsune-sama's curse."

Of course, even though everyone accepts that curses and the like don't exist in the modern era, ...people are still afraid and still have a little respect for them.

You often see it when, in a residential area, someone is building a house, and they call a Shinto priest for a ceremony to honor the god of that plot of land.

...You might think that was just a big waste of time and money, but it is said that if the workers don't do that, a big accident will occur, so they never neglect to do it.

You also hear about how, if an Inari shrine is carelessly removed during a town re-planning, there'd be a curse by Kitsune-sama.

I think I might've read somewhere that when the occupying forces were trying to expand an airport, they tried to remove an Inari-san that was in the way, and the workers kept getting struck down by mysterious fevers.

Even in modern cities like Tokyo, it wasn't rare to see modern buildings packed all around an old Inari shrine, leaving the shrine itself untouched.

And this wasn't limited to Japan. It's probably similar to how foreigners baptize babies.

If I remember right, by Christian doctrine, if unbaptized souls have even the slightest amount of sin, they will still go to hell.

Putting water on a child's forehead doesn't do anything but make them cry.

But if by doing just that, parents can prevent their children from going to hell, they will happily go through with that ceremony.

...In short, even in this modern society of reason, we were still unable to throw away every trace of belief and fear.

...You could even say that we accept certain sorts of supernatural things, though in a passive way. Maybe the only difference on this island is that Beatrice is the object of that worship...

Battler: "...So, in other words, if anything happens that doesn't seem explainable in human terms, it's called the work of Beatrice. ...I think Shannon-chan said it herself. Windows and doors and locks that were tightly shut would be open the next time you went to check them. Lights that should've been on went out, and lights that should've been out were turned on."

Battler: "...And if I remember, even Jessica was joking about it, saying it was also the work of Beatrice when she couldn't find her bag in the morning."

Jessica: "Your memory's pretty good. ...Normally, you'd say some little imps took them, but on this island, it's Beatrice. Well, it's all pretty stupid though."

George: "This mansion has been standing for about 30 years by now, hasn't it? It's natural for things that old to get their fair share of ghost and occult stories. Like the seven mysteries at a school."

Battler: "...But that's where I'll... `spin the chessboard around'..."

Jessica: "Huh?"

Battler: "...Simply put, on this island, there's a rule that Beatrice gets blamed for anything that couldn't have been done by humans. Things that humans can't do. ...How many humans are here? 18. ...In other words, the culprit is using the rules of this island to make it look like a witch committed this crime. Which proves that they desperately want us to think a 19th person did it. ...*I don't like it*. I don't like it one bit."

Jessica: "What do you mean, you don't like it...?"

Battler: "...Let's assume some invisible 19th person exists and wants people to know they exist. ...If it were me, I'd do it with even more perfect timing."

George: "...What do you mean by perfect timing?"

Battler: "...Well, the crime took place sometime between the middle of the night and dawn, right? We had some people who were talking together until the middle of the night, some people on night shifts, and some people who'd returned to their rooms and were sleeping. ...Everyone's alibi is really vague, so there's plenty of room to suspect that the crime was an inside job. George-aniki, Aunt Eva probably told you too, right? That there's a good chance this crime was an inside job?"

George: "...Nng, ...yes. ...I guess."

Battler: "...In other words, if this invisible 19th person really exists and wants to let us know it, this first crime was a complete failure. ...No, in the first place, they chose the wrong time of day to do it. If this invisible 19th person really wanted to show themselves, they had to make sure that the crime took place *under conditions which proved that the remaining twelve people were all innocent*."

Battler: "As long as there's a single human we can suspect, this 19th person's attempt to highlight their presence fails. That's why near midnight, when everyone's alibis are at their vaguest, the 19th person's existence is also at its vaguest. And yet, the culprit chose to commit the crime at that time."

George: "...By committing the crime then, one of the 18 would obviously be suspected. ...And yet, someone handed Maria the letter and called themselves a witch, even though everyone denies they did it."

Jessica: "In other words, ...you're trying to say that one of the 18 is trying to make it look like a 19th person called Beatrice exists...? That's a pretty crazy idea... ...I think Mom's theory about someone hiding outside the mansion is a bit more credible... ...Battler, don't tell me you actually think someone in this room is the culprit..."

Battler: "I do. ...Someone's trying to force us to accept that Beatrice exists. ...That's right, this whole thing started as far back as the letter last night. ...I don't have any basis or proof, ...but with the chessboard turned around, this is my best guess."

Jessica: "...Seriously, that's too crazy... You sure you haven't been reading too many weird detective novels...?"

George: "However, it's an angle we can't ignore. ...Whether there's a 19th person or not, the culprit's definitely planning something involving that rule about this island. ...Just now, listening to Battler-kun talk, I remembered something that's a little disturbing."

Battler: "Something disturbing...?"

George: "Yes. ...Do you remember? Beatrice's letter. ...It said that Beatrice was going to collect interest. And by interest, it mentioned `everything of the Ushiromiya family'."

Jessica and I thought back on what Maria had read aloud the previous night...

Jessica: "...Yeah, it said that. It definitely said that. That the collection of the interest was gonna take place shortly, but if the riddle of the gold could be solved, she'd lose that right."

George: "...Grandfather received the gold and rebuilt the Ushiromiya family. In other words, according to Beatrice, everything created using the gold as capital counts as part of the interest. ...Which means..."

Battler: "...That's pretty scary for a joke, Aniki... ...You don't mean...everything of the Ushiromiya family, ...in other words, everything that Grandfather gave birth to, ...in other words, everyone with Grandfather's blood flowing through their veins...?!"

George: "If you interpret the letter that way, ...these murders are just Beatrice legitimately collecting interest. ...If that's the case, these crimes will continue. ...Because the collection of interest is still only halfway completed."

George turned around, looking over the parlor. ...There were still many people who held the name Ushiromiya.

And because Gohda-san and Shannon-chan had been killed, we knew that not even the servants were safe, despite lacking the Ushiromiya name...

Jessica: "S-So are they planning... ...to kill us all...? ...But that's weird, George nii-san! In that case, why only six people? They should've been able to kill a lot more. At worst, it should've been possible for them to assault everyone while they were sleeping and kill them in a single night. Why didn't they do that?!"

George: "...The special clause. ...If someone manages to solve the riddle of the gold, their right to the interest will be lost. ...And remember how the letter ended. ...It challenged us all to solve the riddle of Grandfather's gold."

Battler: "Jesus...! ...It looks like we're finally understanding the culprit's message... In other words, the culprit's telling us to try and solve the riddle on that epitaph Grandfather had made. *...On top of that, they're saying that if we just sit around, they'll keep collecting the interest*..."

I realize this is all based on several guesses that are `way out there'. ...But not everything that happens in this world fits together in a perfect line.

...Most of the events we don't understand are only individual points.

...By fitting them into a straight line, we're beginning to understand.

When the points at either end of the line are really close, the line itself is more logical and easier to understand. ...And when those points are really far away, the opposite is true. It's the distance between these points that makes us say our guesses are way out there.

...However, if the distances we span are too narrow, that means our thinking will be narrow too.

Is there a difference between making guesses and reasoning? Am I just using easily-made guesses to try and force this crime into a pattern I can understand?

No, that's not it. When you're lost in the dark and searching around with your hands, what you're doing is relying on your imagination and making guesses.

Only imagination can find the points that need to be tied together. ...Reasoning is nothing more than the act of drawing lines between them.

If you can't imagine, you can't reason. ...What I'm doing now might be way out there, ...but I'm sure it isn't a mistake either.

Only the power of imagination can pull clues out from the darkness. ...And then I can use the power of reasoning to tie those clues together.

...It was a lot like the process of searching out an enemy's weak spot and striking.

It's okay if I'm way out there. Find a weak point first. Then we can think about how to strike!

Right now is the time to find points we can tie together later...!

For the time being, I put aside whether a 19th person existed... and announced our theory that the goal of the culprit might've been to make us solve the riddle of the epitaph.

Uncle Hideyoshi seemed to be extremely interested, but Aunt Natsuhi said it was ridiculous and dismissed it.

Hideyoshi: "Of course. If you think about it that way, even that letter from yesterday makes sense. That motive seems to fit pretty well with the facts...! Settin' aside whoever it was that gave Maria-chan the letter."

Maria: "Uu-! Beatrice exists!! Uu-."

Even though she was puffing up her cheeks in that cute way she'd been doing since yesterday, ...I couldn't think of it as cute. ...If I poked fun at her, it might suddenly transform into a creepy laugh...

Natsuhi: "...There is no hidden gold. However, if the culprit is blindly sure of its existence, and if they're trying to make us solve the riddle before snatching the gold away for themselves, then I will agree it makes sense."

Natsuhi: "However, if that were the case, why would they start by killing those most highly ranked in the Ushiromiya family?"

Nanjo: "...I see your point. If they wanted to make us solve the riddle, killing those closest to Kinzo-san doesn't sound like a good plan to me."

Eva: "That's true enough... And if we're going with that argument, wouldn't it have been quicker to threaten Father in the first place? You'd think it'd be faster to just ask the person who wrote it, rather than try to force us to solve it."

Hideyoshi: "You've got a point there. ...Still, I think it'd take more than your average threat to make Father spill the beans."

Nanjo: "Anyone who knows Kinzo-san well would probably realize that he won't bow to ordinary threats..."

Natsuhi: "...He's the man who bears responsibility for the Ushiromiya family and all its vast wealth. He's been exposed to many threats and attacks in the past. The family only prospers today because he was able to overcome all of them."

Jessica: "That's freakin' right. I can't even imagine our Grandfather obeying someone 'cause of a threat!"

Natsuhi: "...Jessica, watch your language."

Jessica: "...Nnng, ...yes, Mom."

Battler: "In that case, ...what about this idea? ...No wait, is this one...also way out there...?"

...I couldn't hesitate. Out-there ideas are like bows and arrows.

...It might be hard to hit with, but it's a great weapon, because you can hit enemies far away.

...They say most people who've died in battles were killed by arrow wounds. ...In a battle, you can't just shoot off one arrow.

You shoot a whole bunch of arrows at once, pushing forwards towards the enemy troops with a wall of them. ...So keep shooting, over and over!

`Create a wall as you push forwards towards the truth...!'

Battler: "If the culprit is after the hidden gold, forcing us to solve the riddle wouldn't be very efficient for them. It'd be much quicker and easier to ask the person who made it in the first place. ...In that case, the question is, ...is this all a message directed at Grandfather?"

In other words, these murders were a threat made against Grandfather.

...If he didn't tell the culprit where the gold was, his family members would be killed off one by one.

What if we weren't the only ones being forced to solve this riddle...? ...What if Grandfather was too?!

If you think about it that way, it explains Grandfather's mysterious disappearance.

If the culprit has already attacked Grandfather, then judging by the state the six corpses were left in, he should've been left on display somewhere with that horrible makeup added.

But despite that, we still haven't found him.

...So does that mean Grandfather has been kidnapped and is being held somewhere?!

Natsuhi: "...How could...? ...You aren't saying, how could...?!"

Eva: "*giggle*giggle* That sounds interesting. ...So Grandfather's being confined somewhere, and the culprit's saying we'll be killed off one by one if he doesn't tell them where the gold is?"

Natsuhi: "It pains me to imagine how you find that interesting...!" Aunt Natsuhi glared at her, but Aunt Eva just smiled calmly.

George: "...Since we still haven't seen him after all this time, I think it's almost certain that Grandfather's gotten caught up in the crime. If you think about it, you can't just ignore Battler-kun's theory, right...?"

Eva: "Be quiet, George. ...In the first place, when did Father actually disappear?"

Hideyoshi: "...Who was the last person to see Father?"

Natsuhi: "...It was probably me. This morning, when we didn't know where my husband and the rest were, we discussed the possibility of them being in Father's study, and I went to check his room and greeted him there. ...Come to think of it, I've been holding the key to his study this whole time, haven't I? Genji, let me return this to you."

Aunt Natsuhi pulled out the gold key and handed it to Genji... Looking at the key, Aunt Eva giggled...

Eva: "...Hey, Genji-san, I'm sure the police will inspect Father's room thoroughly. ...If there's anything hidden there, it'll just be exposed anyway. ...So maybe it'd be better if you just told us about it right here, right now."

Genji: "...What are you talking about?"

Eva: "It's simple. ...Father's study is a closed room, with no way in or out except for that key, right? I want to verify whether that's true. There is one entrance to Father's study. What about the window? Any other entrances or exits?"

Genji: "...There are none. There is no way to get in except the entrance."

Eva: "You're sure about that? There isn't some secret hidden door or anything? ...Since Father isn't here, I am the highest-ranked member of the Ushiromiya family. I am asking you as a representative of the Ushiromiya Family Head. Remember that when you answer me. Are there any ways in or out of that room other than the main entrance? ...As Father's closest aide, I'm sure you would know."

Aunt Natsuhi looked a little offended at the part about the `highest-ranked family member', but she kept her mouth closed for the time being and waited for Genji's answer.

...I couldn't help but feel a little uncomfortable. Why was she going on and on about hidden doors...??

Eva: "You, too, Kanon-kun, Kumasawa-san. If you know, won't you tell me? If there is one, it'd be better if you said so. ...Otherwise, a certain person might be driven into a corner in a second. ...If we assume that there is a hidden door, then my argument comes to nothing."

Aunt Eva didn't specify which person was about to be driven into a corner, ...but following the flow of the conversation, I had to feel that she was referring to Aunt Natsuhi.

George: "...Mother, what are you talking about?"

Eva: "George, stay quiet for a bit. ...What do you say? Genji-san? Kanon-kun? Or Kumasawa-san? Is there a hidden door? Or not? Genji-san, when you remodeled Father's study, you must have overseen the construction. I won't let you say you don't know."

Genji: "...There is nothing like that in the Master's study."

Eva: "You're sure? What about Kanon-kun, one who's allowed to wear the One-Winged Eagle?"

Kanon: "...That's right. I'm sure. ...There is no such hidden door in the Master's study."

Eva: "Kumasawa-san?"

Kumasawa: "...N-No, I haven't heard of such a thing..."

Eva: "What about Doctor Nanjo? You've had a close relationship with Father."

Nanjo: "...I-I have never heard of something like that..."

Eva: "Very well then! So, are you ready? Let me begin. It's very simple."

Everyone tilted their head doubtfully, wondering what Aunt Eva was starting to talk about so proudly.

...Aunt Eva laughed triumphantly, as though she were about to reveal a secret only she knew.

Eva: "Natsuhi nee-san was the last person to spot Father, right? ...I forget the exact time, but I think it was a little before 9:00 in the morning. ...Nee-san, do you remember? I ran into you just as you were coming out of Father's study, right?"

Natsuhi: "...Yes, I remember. What does that have to do with anything?"

Eva: "And when was the next time you went to visit Father's study? That was after we found the bodies of Nii-san and the rest, right? Together with me, you went up to the study to report that, and we discovered that he wasn't there. ...By the way, Nee-san. At that time, when you went to enter Father's study, did you notice anything?"

Natsuhi: "...Notice anything? ...What are you talking about?"

Eva: "Come on. You picked up some trash, right? A folded receipt."

Natsuhi: "...I do seem to remember picking up some trash. How is that relevant...?"

Eva: "I got that receipt when I bought some candy at a store before arriving at the airport." Aunt Eva pulled a small bag of candy out of her handbag.

George: "...Aah, the receipt from that candy you bought back there? ...But Mother, what does that receipt have to do with anything...?"

Hideyoshi: "George, stay quiet and listen for just a bit longer..."

Uncle Hideyoshi's expression was a little strict.

...Apparently, he understood what Aunt Eva was getting at.

Eva: "It really was just a whim. I definitely didn't foresee anything... or try to set up a trap for Natsuhi nee-san or anything like that. ...Actually, about that receipt... Nee-san, you remember bumping into me right after the last time you saw Father, right? At that time, I wedged this into the door to the study."

Battler: "...So, what does that mean? Are you saying no one opened the door until Aunt Natsuhi picked up that receipt...?"

Jessica: "W-Wait a second, Aunt Eva...! Wedging a receipt in would be obvious! It's possible that when Grandfather opened the door, he noticed it, found it amusing, and stuck it back in the door..." Jessica hurriedly argued back.

...She still didn't really know what this all meant, but she realized that, whatever it was, it would raise suspicions about her own mother.

Eva: "Of course, I folded the receipt up very small so that no one would notice it. But even if you assume that he saw it fall, he would have no way of knowing how high up the door it had been stuck, right? I checked it while Natsuhi nee-san was taking the key out. The receipt was still stuck not one millimeter away from where I put it...!"

Natsuhi: "...I-I can't understand why you would pull such a childish prank! I-I'll bet you were the one who did that prank on the door to my room, too!"

Nanjo: "...The door to your room?"

Natsuhi: "...It was unpleasant to talk about, so I never mentioned it, but when I woke up this morning, there were the signs of some prank on the outside of my door, with what was probably the same red paint that was scribbled across the shutter. There were some unpleasant marks, as though someone had been tearing at the door..."

Hideyoshi: "Wait, what's this?! Why'd you keep quiet about this 'til now...?!!"

Natsuhi: "My apologies. Since so many horrible things have occurred since then, I had completely forgotten about it until this moment."

Eva: "I don't know anything about that. I'm not talking about your door, but the door to Father's room, right? Between the time you confirmed that he was in his room and the time we confirmed that he wasn't, that door wasn't opened even once. How did Father get out if he didn't use the door?"

Natsuhi: "...I-I don't know that...! That's what I want to know!!!"

Hideyoshi: "Natsuhi nee-san, other than you, who else checked to see whether Father was in his room?"

Nanjo: "Last night, the last time I met Kinzo-san was when we were playing chess, ...so I was with him until just before dinner..."

Hideyoshi: "Who saw him after that?"

Genji: "...I did. I gave him his dinner last night."

Kanon: "...Yes. Shannon and I were with him."

Hideyoshi: "So at that time, Father was still definitely in his room. ...However, Natsuhi nee-san, when you found out he wasn't there, it looks like all ways in or out of the study were closed, right? ...But even so, you said you met with him this morning."

Nanjo: "...I-I don't understand why everyone has become so gloomy. Could someone please explain it to me...?"

George: "...F-Father and Mother, ...are you saying that what Natsuhi says about meeting Grandfather this morning... was a lie?"

Jessica: "L-Like hell she'd lie about that. Mom's guiltless!! Why would she lie?!!"

Natsuhi: "Jessica! I keep telling you to watch your language!"

All at once, the whole room was in an uproar...

Aunt Eva and Aunt Natsuhi confronted each other across the parlor table, with George confronting Jessica... ...What the heck's going on...?!!

Eva: "Many people spotted him last night, right? But since this morning, the only one who claims to have seen Father is Natsuhi nee-san. ...And then there's that strange fact we learned from my receipt. ...So, how can we connect these points together...?"

Aunt Eva urged everyone to imagine it...

...Sure, that receipt could become an important point. ...But I didn't know which other points to tie it to, or how...!

If we try searching for the answer Aunt Eva probably wants, ...we'll find that Aunt Natsuhi lied and acted as though Grandfather was in the room this morning.

Has that fact been exposed by a whim of Aunt Eva's...??

Jessica: "I don't get it at all!! Why would Mom have to lie?!! She had no reason to, right?!!"

Eva: "...That's what I want to know. But Jessica-chan, you can't be sure she had no reason to lie and say that Grandfather was in the room. After all, you see it in mystery novels every now and then. That trick where people fake the time of death to create an alibi for themselves."

Jessica: "Wh-What are you talking about?! I've never heard of that!!"

Eva: "...We still haven't found Father yet, but it's pretty natural to assume he's already been killed. If that's true, there's no doubt we'll find his corpse soon. ...If, at that point, the time of death could be cleverly faked, Natsuhi nee-san would be able to create an alibi. ...Do you understand? Everyone?"

...This morning, when Aunt Natsuhi confirmed that Grandfather was there, she lied, ...and he was already dead at that time? ...And then, she moved the body to some other location...and tampered with it so that, when we find it, we'll think he was killed just a second ago.

...That'd make it possible for her to create an alibi, even just by staying with the rest of us.

...Then, she could say `I heard someone screaming', dash over there, and become the first to find the body along with everyone else... ...Is that what Aunt Eva's saying...?

Natsuhi: "Ridiculous. After all, detective novels are merely books for the purpose of entertainment! You can only think of such an indiscreet idea because you read them all the time!"

Jessica: "That's right!! Even if she did try to fake the time of death a little, all that would be blown away in an instant once the police did their autopsy!! That might've worked in the past, but do you really think that kind of trick would work in modern Japan?! It doesn't make sense!"

Eva: "...You think so? This morning, when Doctor Nanjo looked at the corpses, he was only able to give a vague estimate of the time of death, right? Autopsy results are very easily affected by the environment and individual differences. It's a very relative estimate with an uncertainty of several hours. And, unfortunately, the police's scientific investigation will have to wait until tomorrow. It wouldn't be easy to measure the correct time of death so accurately, even in modern Japan. Isn't that right, Doctor Nanjo...?"

Nanjo: "...Examining a corpse is an extremely difficult task that requires both experience and instinct... I have heard that there is a very high chance of a mistaken diagnosis... I imagine it is very possible for a misreading of just a few hours to occur..."

Hideyoshi: "...However, for an alibi, that's more than enough! It's an old trick! It's a trick that works well enough! ...Natsuhi nee-san, it's not like we want to suspect you, okay? We just want you to prove your innocence so we don't have to suspect you."

Natsuhi: "What is this innocence you want me to prove?!! This morning, I definitely met with Father!! And he told me to keep the One-Winged Eagle engraved in my heart... ...Are you denying that he said that, too?!! I will certainly not permit that!! I won't let you deny that Father said those words!!"

Eva: "...Or, maybe Father's body won't appear anywhere. Normally, a person has to be missing for seven years before they're officially dead. Wouldn't that be a clever way to extend Father's nearly finished life another seven years and keep all of his wealth for yourself?!"

Natsuhi: "I-I can't let you get away with saying that!! I can't let you get away with saying any more!! I am Ushiromiya Natsuhi!! Although I do not have the right to wear the One-Winged Eagle on my body, it is certainly engraved on my heart!! What do you think you're saying to the wife of Krauss, Successor to the Head, and the one who will act as such in his place?!!!"

Eva: "What's this? Are you going to shoot me with that gun? Go ahead. If only you'd just shoot! You're just desperate because you can't think of a way out, right?! Do it, just try to obscure the truth with violence...!!"

Natsuhi: "...Y-You!!!!"

It wasn't like Aunt Natsuhi had been actually holding that gun at the ready and threatening anyone. But, as she was egged on by Aunt Eva, she did hold it at the ready!

...Unsurprisingly, once things got to this stage, Jessica and Genji-san tried to stop her.

Genji: "...Madam, please, calm yourself...!"

Jessica: "Mom, you aren't lying! So there's no reason for you to listen to this!!"

Hideyoshi: "...Calm down, Natsuhi-san. All you've gotta do is swear that Father definitely was in that room. Why are you gettin' so worked up...?"

Nanjo: "...Th-That is correct. Natsuhi-san isn't lying. Shouldn't that be the end of it...?"

Eva: "Then I want you to explain. How did Father manage to disappear from the room? ...The window was closed tight from the inside. The same was true for the door, right? ...This morning, if you really met with Father, ...then you must explain how Father disappeared from this `unopenable door' closed room scenario. If you don't, that'd mean you're lying after all, right?"

Natsuhi: "How far do you plan to mock me...?!!!"

Eva: "If you want to argue back, go ahead!! That's right, try explaining it right here, right now. If you do, I'll apologize for suspecting you. How did Father manage to get out from that closed room?!!"

Natsuhi: "I cannot explain, and there's no need for me to do so!!"

Eva: "Really? Then let me explain it. Let's take the best parts from my perspective and yours and come up with a more friendly explanation! ...I'll believe what you said about Father still being in his room this morning. However, the next time the door was opened, Father wasn't there. You don't have any objections so far, right?"

Natsuhi: "I have no desire to hear anything more you have to say!! Shut your frivolous mouth!!"

Eva: "My reasoning goes like this, okay? I can confirm that on both occasions, you were the only one to go through that door. And the receipt proves it! So, what's the answer to the puzzle of how Father left the room? The window! He was sent out the window. ...Natsuhi nee-san, you threw Father out of the third story window of the study into the courtyard!!!"

Natsuhi: "Y----YOUUUUUUUUUUUUU!!!"

Kanon: "Madam, please, endure it...!!"

Kumasawa: "Eva-sama, ...please stop this...!!"

Eva: "After that, when you left and said you were going to check the doors and windows, you took Father's corpse, which had fallen in the courtyard, and hid it! That was probably when you took some measures to fake the time of death, right?!"

Hideyoshi: "...This ties in with the case regardin' Krauss nii-san and the rest, and also the case regardin' Beatrice last night! There's a really good chance we've got reason to suspect Natsuhi-san in all those cases... Normally, I wouldn't want to say this. ...But now that it's out in the open, there's nothin' else I can do...! Please, Natsuhi nee-san! Please explain how you can be innocent!! Otherwise, I can't help but suspect you...!!"

Natsuhi: "Why me?!! Why must I, Ushiromiya Natsuhi, be insulted like thiiiiiiiiiiis?!!!"

...Hmmmm. ...Looks like we've got everyone's views on record now.

Battler: "Ihihihi. ...It's useless. *It's all useless,* Aunt Eva."

Jessica: "...Wh-What do you mean, `useless'...?" Jessica looked up at me, hanging onto my every word. Aunt Eva's expression was confident as ever.

Eva: "...Useless, you say? What is? Battler-kun, tell me."

Battler: "You're only convinced it was Aunt Natsuhi...because you're only looking at the case from a single angle. ...It's not like I'm defending her, but that bluff of a checkmate isn't gonna fly."

Battler: "I think your reasoning regarding that receipt was passable. It's not a bad thread of logic. But I'd only give it a grade of 65 at best. If this were an exam, that'd be bad enough to get you extra lessons in detention, right? Ihihi!"

Eva: "...Oh my. Well, how do you think anyone could break through the door sealed by my receipt and make Father disappear? Other than by my theory?!"

Battler: "It's true that your theory's an interesting one. And if you could say for sure that there was no way to make Grandfather disappear, then you probably would be able to prove that the last person to see him, Aunt Natsuhi, was guilty."

Battler: "However, since there still is a possibility she's innocent and these accusations are false, we can't be sure about that!!"

Eva: "...Hmm. Then, Battler-kun, are you saying someone other than Natsuhi nee-san made Grandfather disappear? It'd be impossible for anyone else to do it. My receipt proved that, right? After the first time she visited that study, and until the second time when we visited it together, the study was a perfect closed room, and when the seal was broken on the closed room, he was already missing! If that doesn't prove she's the culprit, what kind of trick could they have used?!"

Battler: "Like I said, Aunt Eva, only 65 points. So, let's try `spinning the chessboard around', shall we? The question isn't how someone managed to make Grandfather disappear from the outside. We should think about how Grandfather disappeared from the inside."

Battler: "The door had the receipt stuck in it, so it couldn't have been used. He also couldn't have gone through the window, because you can't lock it from the outside, and when Aunt Eva visited the study, she checked to make sure it was locked. So the window also wasn't used. At that point, the study really was a closed room. We have to accept this! However, the study didn't remain a closed room forever. Once the seal created by the receipt was removed, it'd be possible for someone to escape by the door."

Battler: "...In other words, the question isn't how Aunt Natsuhi made Grandfather disappear. ...We need to think about how he was able to escape!!"

Battler: "Grandfather's study isn't an ordinary study, right? According to Genji-san, there's a toilet and a kitchen and even a bedroom, almost like a little house. ...For example, what if he was hiding under the bed and the two of you only thought he was missing?"

Battler: "Aunt Eva, even you didn't check that far, right? And then the two of you went back down the stairs, thinking he wasn't there."

Battler: "At that time, the receipt was already gone! In other words, if Grandfather was hiding in his room the whole time it was a closed room... and escaped after letting the two of you go past him, we can crack this closed room right open!!"

Eva: "Wh-What are you talking about?! Why would Father need to escape the room in such a bizarre fashion?! Don't be so absurd!"

Battler: "Yeah, it might be absurd. However, it still shows that there's a possibility Aunt Natsuhi is being falsely accused. Your receipt wasn't perfect. In chess, we might call that check, but it isn't checkmate!!"

Battler: "But the thing that really pisses me off... is how you're pressuring Aunt Natsuhi to explain it, then claiming that she must be guilty if she doesn't! If you wanna go down that road, then why don't you let me, Ushiromiya Battler, spin the chessboard around one more time?!!"

Battler: "Aunt Eva, according to your own argument, ...you must explain to us why you and Uncle Hideyoshi couldn't have killed those six last night and then casually returned to the guesthouse...!"

Battler: "You've been trying to force Aunt Natsuhi to explain. So I'm sure you can prove your own innocence, right?! Especially now that all of Grandfather's wealth has suddenly plopped down right into your hands!!"

Jessica: "Th-That's right, you're suspicious enough yourself, aren't you?!! If you say Mom's suspicious because she was the last person to see him, then what about you, Aunt Eva, the last person to see Dad and the rest?!! Just like Battler said, prove that you two weren't the ones who killed them!!"

George: "...Mother, I also think your reasoning was a little overeager. ...I'm sure the receipt was an important hint. But, like Battler-kun said, that's not enough to prove that Aunt Natsuhi was responsible for some plot. ...We're all equally suspicious. It's not right for only Aunt Natsuhi to be persecuted."

Eva: "O-Our proud Father, crawling under his bed? You call nonsense like that an explanation?!"

Jessica: "In that case, why don't you explain first?!! Who killed those six, and how, and then try showing us proof that you weren't involved!! ...*cough*, *cough*cough*cough*, *cough*, *cough*!!! Uu-, *cough*cough*!! *cough*cough*!! *cough*cough*!!!"

Kanon: "Milady, ...Milady...!!"

Jessica suddenly started coughing. At first, I thought she was just choking after yelling too loud, but before long, I realized how painful it looked...

Jessica kept coughing and choking, down on her hands and knees...

Natsuhi: "Jessica, ...hang in there...!! Doctor Nanjo...!"

Nanjo: "...Jessica-san, your inhaler, quickly. ...No wait, I have one with me."

Doctor Nanjo pulled a bronchodilator inhaler from his own bag, which was lying on the sofa, and handed it to Jessica.

...Come to think of it, six years ago, didn't Jessica sometimes break into violent coughing fits and have to use that...? However, six years ago, I never saw Jessica look like she was in this much pain.

Battler: "...Aniki, was Jessica's asthma always this bad...?"

George: "It's gotten a lot worse these last few years... It's no problem when she's normal, ...but when an attack comes suddenly, she can't stop coughing anymore."

Jessica: "*cough*cough*!! Uu-, *cough*cough* *coughcough*!! *cough*cough*, *cough*cough*!!"

Kanon: "...Milady, your medicine. ...Here..."

Jessica: "...Nnng, ... ...*cough*cough*!!"

Taking the inhaler from Kanon-kun, Jessica used it with a practiced hand. ...It looked like her throat would still itch for a while, but she had it under control...

Battler: "Are you okay, Jessica...? You scared me..."

Jessica: "...It's no big deal. ...Don't worry about it..."

Beads of sweat covered Jessica's whole body and she couldn't hide her rough breathing, but it looked like her sudden attack had calmed down for now...

This disturbance had made the dangerous atmosphere up until now seem slightly unfocused.

But that's fine. ...That kind of battle of mutual suspicion is completely unnecessary. When you think about it, finding alibis for each other and looking for the culprit is probably meaningless.

After all, we're just powerless, ordinary people, and when the police come tomorrow, they'll definitely employ cutting-edge techniques and investigate the case thoroughly, solving all of the riddles and arresting the culprit...

Eva: "...Perhaps Battler-kun is right after all. ...Just as Natsuhi nee-san is suspicious, I can't ignore the fact that I'm suspicious too. Arguing about that now will surely be unproductive. ...Everything will be fine if we just leave it to the police tomorrow."

Eva: "...But don't you want to know too, Battler-kun? Who the culprit is? ...Don't you want to let them know the pain you feel from losing someone precious to you, as soon as possible?"

Battler: "...I won't deny that. Even one day would be too long to let the wonderful bastard who's behind this go."

Battler: "...But that doesn't mean that I want to suspect one of the 18. Even though I said what I said earlier, I don't even want to suspect you, Aunt Eva. ...To me, you're an awesome aunt who's always fun and playful."

Battler: "...I don't want to trade insults with an aunt like that. I wouldn't want to do that with anyone here. ...Right? Everyone?"

George: "...I feel the same way as Battler-kun. ...It's pointless to trade insults. ...It's probably just the stress built up because so many people have been crammed in one place since morning."

Nanjo: "...Probably. It is only natural... It may not be my place to say it, but I think we should all relax as much as possible..."

Hideyoshi: "...Eva, I think we'd better cool our heads too. ...The receipt's definitely a big clue for figurin' out how Father disappeared. We should tell the police about it when they come..."

Eva: "...That's right. ...Right. I just felt a little triumphant when I figured out that part with the receipt. ...Of course it isn't fair to only suspect Natsuhi nee-san, right? We're just as suspicious."

Eva: "...But still, Battler-kun? At least the part about the receipt is real, okay? ...Don't forget it. And try thinking deeply about what it means one more time, okay...?"

Battler: "..."

Natsuhi: "..."

Aunt Eva and Uncle Hideyoshi stood up. It looked like they planned on leaving the parlor.

Eva: "In the end, it's pointless for us to keep playing detectives. After all, the police will reveal everything anyway."

...That's right.

Even if we don't play this detective game, the typhoon will pass, ...and when those lively seagulls return to the harbor, everything will settle itself.

That's right. If you think about it, this kind of crime is completely trivial.

It will definitely be resolved...

Even if we do nothing...

*When the seagulls cry*...

Eva: "...Natsuhi nee-san, I take it you don't want to see my face anymore? I feel the same. ...If I remember correctly, yesterday, you had some rooms prepared for us in the mansion so that we wouldn't need to go back to the guesthouse, right? Those should each have a bath and a toilet, as well as a lock and a chain to secure the door. There's even a bed to lie on, and my husband will be able to watch TV without having to fight with Maria-chan over which channel to watch, right?"

Natsuhi: "... ...Do whatever you want. ...But make sure to be cautious."

Eva: "Thank you, Nee-san. ...And mind your own business. I'll be counting on you to keep an eye on everyone, okay? Because the culprit is definitely here. ...And Nee-san, make sure you don't forget to keep an eye on yourself, too."

Natsuhi: "...Have you finished taking your parting shots?"

Eva: "...Yes, I'm finished. ...See you, Natsuhi nee-san. ...Genji-san, let us know when it's time for dinner. Until then, we'll lock ourselves in with the chain."

Hideyoshi: "..."

Natsuhi: "...Genji, Kanon. Escort them to the guest room."

Eva: "We'll be fine. I hate shady escorts. In fact, I'd be more comfortable if nobody leaves this room until we reach ours. ...Let's go, George."

George: "...I'll stay here with everyone."

Eva: "George...! The culprit is in this room. Do you plan on staying in a place like that...?!"

George: "...Leaving this room would be the same as suspecting one of my relatives. ...I...can't believe anyone in our family is capable of something that horrible."

Eva: "George...! ...Darling, you tell him too...!"

Hideyoshi: "...George is already an adult man. ...If his code tells him not to leave this room, then it's up to him. Let him do what he wants..."

George: "...Father..."

Aunt Eva and Uncle Hideyoshi left. The only voice that called after them was the sound of the rain.

The parlor was being buried beneath the savage atmosphere... When I looked at the clock, I was surprised to find that it was already evening.

...Had we really spent that much time worrying about needless things, talking with each other, fighting with each other...?

Feeling bored, I started scratching at my head when ...Maria and I made eye contact.

I was a little surprised, since I'd thought she was completely immersed in the TV.

Battler: "...I believe it now."

Maria: "Uu-...?"

Battler: "The letter, the murders, everything. It was all Beatrice. ...In fact, I almost feel like begging her to come out and take credit for it all. ...I want it to be the work of a 19th person. Otherwise, the 18 of us will have to keep on suspecting each other... ...I think believing in a 19th person is better than that..."

Maria: "..."

Battler: "...Bringing Grandfather outside without opening the doors or windows must be a piece of cake for Beatrice, right...?"

Maria, after taking a single, short breath, hung her head, ...and then raised her face again.

Maria: "...That's right. Kihihihi, locking a door is useless against a witch. ...Beatrice is familiar with all 72 demons. The 33rd ranked, Gaap, gives the power to instantly carry the desired person to any location. ...To her, taking a person out of any closed room isn't hard at all, you see? Kihihihi..."

Battler: "Witches sure are incredible. ...Tell her, if she feels like committing another crime, to do it in a way that no human could, ...and make me believe that a 19th person... no, a witch, exists."

Maria: "...Kihihi. ...Okay. If I meet her, I'll tell her."

Crap... Nothing's made sense to me for a while now...

Just when I want to believe in a 19th person, I deny it, and just when I want to believe there are only 18 people, I deny that too.

Even though I want there to be more than just the 18 people here, I can't accept the existence of that 19th person.

...In short, even though there are more than 18 people, there are less than 19 people. ...The number of people in this mansion is 19>X>18. So the number of people can't be represented by an integer.

...However, it's impossible for there to be anything after the decimal point. You shouldn't be able to show the number of people with anything but an integer.

...And yet, 19>X>18. How do you explain the fraction less than 1...?!

It's no wonder. ...That 19th person was *something that couldn't be `seen'*.

That's why, since you can only write the number of people as an integer, *you couldn't `see' that person*.

That witch cannot be `seen'. Because Beatrice has no body. Therefore, she is invisible.

Is there a 19th person...or not? Does the witch exist...or not?

19>X>18.

...The witch exists somewhere in that X...!

# Chapter 13
# label: *umi1_13
# Second twilight. Eyecatch before next chapter.

The uncomfortable atmosphere continued even after those two left.

It was thick with the idea that simply thinking about the culprit's identity...would be the same as deciding whom to suspect. ...It had begun to feel like discussion of the case was itself taboo.

So no one mentioned the case, at least out loud.

...However, those thoughts were what filled our minds. All that we couldn't say aloud made our heads feel like they were going to explode...

So, at least on the outside, the parlor had once again regained its calm mood. Everything was left unsettled.

George: "...It feels like the rain's gotten a little lighter."

Maria: "Uu-...? Still pouring down. Uu-..."

Battler: "Even if it did stop, there's no boat on this island. ...But it'd be nice if the boat came quickly tomorrow. I've had enough of this Western mansion vacation, ihihi."

Jessica: "Mom, when will the boat come tomorrow?"

Natsuhi: "Normally, the boat to take them back would arrive at 3:00 today. They probably sent us a phone call to say that they would come after the typhoon passed, but unfortunately, the phones aren't working... ...But they aren't children over there. They were told to both drop off and collect our guests, so they will most likely arrive first thing tomorrow morning, ...probably about 9:00, I believe."

It was completely black outside. When I looked at the clock, I realized that it was just past 7:00. I was starting to get hungry...

In the kitchen, Kumasawa was cooking enthusiastically.

She had laid out a variety of dishes, and while they didn't match the level of Gohda's artful cooking, they were still quite gorgeous.

It was an act of kindness from Kumasawa, who was trying to enliven everyone's low spirits with some food.

Kumasawa wasn't nearly as talented as a professional cook like Gohda, but she was far from unskilled. ...On the contrary, since she had been brought up in a fishing village, the simple food she created was sometimes highly praised.

Kanon arranged the food Kumasawa had finished creating on plates, under her direction.

Kanon also helped in the kitchen sometimes, but since he was rarely placed in that role, he was slightly awkward, even though he tried his best...

Self-conscious about the fact that he couldn't cleverly arrange the food, Kanon's expression darkened slightly. But Kumasawa smiled as though everything was fine.

Kumasawa: "Hohohoh, it's arranged beautifully. Kanon-kun, aren't you skilled."

Kanon: "...If it had been Shannon nee-san, ...it would look even more beautiful..." Kanon stopped arranging the food for a bit and hung his head...

Shannon was the one who always assisted Kumasawa in her cooking. ...Tonight, Kanon was doing it instead.

...And as he remembered Shannon's face and her brutal end, he grimaced...

Genji: "...Forget that for now..." Genji spoke kindly to Kanon as he advanced a pawn.

...Nanjo had escaped from the parlor once the mood had grown sour, and Genji had become his opponent in a game of chess upon Nanjo's request.

Kanon: "...Yes. ...I will forget it for now."

Genji: "...Indeed. That is probably for the best."

Genji purposefully refrained from facing Kanon as he spoke.

...He did so because he understood that it might make things tougher on Kanon if he noticed that someone was looking at his eyes.

Nanjo also understood that and held back any thoughtless words.

Nanjo: "...I wonder where Kinzo-san has gone... ...I hope that he is safe, but..."

Genji: "...I do not know. ...However, I believe everything has proceeded as the Master has hoped and arranged for. ...To distrust that would exceed my role as furniture in service to the Master."

Nanjo: "...Aren't you scared, Genji-san...? I am frightened that something bad will occur again tonight..."

Genji: "...I have nothing to be afraid of. ...I serve the Ushiromiya family, and that is all." Nanjo sighed through his nose and made a carefully considered move.

...Nanjo was very slightly dubious.

...Could Genji possibly be thinking that he'd be left out of this?

He couldn't even imagine what was happening inside this mansion. ...But he definitely couldn't deny the possibility that Kinzo had devised something.

...If you liken this island to chess, Kinzo had opened the game, and as a result, six pieces had been defeated.

...Could it be that Genji was calm because he believed he alone was on the outside of the chessboard, and therefore safe?

Nanjo thought about it.

...Isn't everyone just a piece on this chessboard, lined up equally, without any exceptions?

...Wasn't even Genji, who had gained more of Kinzo's trust than anyone... no, who was confident of his position as Kinzo's only close friend, ...just another one of the pieces laid out on the chessboard?

Nanjo: "...Genji-san, ...I am truly frightened about tonight. ...I hope with all my heart that we will still be safe when tomorrow morning comes..."

The guest room Eva and Hideyoshi moved into had originally been built to house guests before the guesthouse's construction.

So until a few years ago, they had stayed in these rooms every family conference and were very familiar with them.

This room was just like a room at a hotel, with a bedroom and a bathroom, so even though they were still shut in, it was far more comfortable than the parlor.

Hideyoshi: "Guess it's true you can relax more when you're alone with your family. ...Maybe it'd be better if everyone else also shut themselves in guest rooms and locked the doors."

Eva: "Natsuhi nee-san said that no one could leave the parlor, throwing her weight around. I'm sure no one will be able to talk back. She's always been treated so coldly, so now that Nii-san's dead, she's getting excited about finally having so much power. ...Seriously, how shameless can she be."

Hideyoshi: "...Come now, don't say that. Natsuhi-san's doin' pretty well. No need to jump on her like that. ...And about that receipt earlier, you went too far."

Eva: "...Come on. If I hadn't said it there, there wouldn't be another good time to say it..."

Eva, sulking cutely and looking at the television, sat alongside Hideyoshi, who was lying on the bed.

Eva: "Still, ...we haven't been alone like this for quite some time."

Hideyoshi: "You're right. Come to think of it, both you and I have gotten pretty old. Since George was born, everything's gone by in the blink of an eye."

Eva: "...It really has. ...I wonder if we were too hasty in having a child."

Eva's eyes looked like they were staring off into the distance. ...Yes, she had thought of it as a once-in-a-lifetime chance.

...Her older brother Krauss had been unable to father a child for quite some time. Six years passed after his marriage to Natsuhi without any signs of pregnancy, which didn't please Kinzo at all.

Eva herself had thought that, since her name would be moved outside the Ushiromiya register when she got married anyway, it didn't matter whether a Successor to the Headship was born or not.

And then, one day, ...she had a heavenly revelation. ...Or maybe it was the whisperings of the devil that she had listened to in her greed.

If she could give birth to a successor first, wouldn't she be able to remain in the Ushiromiya register? ...If things went well, might she have a chance to inherit the Ushiromiya family herself...?

When she proposed this to Hideyoshi, he had approved of it instantly. ...This wasn't because Hideyoshi also had greedy thoughts.

...For Hideyoshi, who had no close relatives, it was a chance for him to feel once more the long forgotten thing called family.

So when they got married, he hadn't fussed over which last name they were to keep...and had quickly agreed to have his name entered into the Ushiromiya family register.

It hadn't been easy to persuade Kinzo, but as his daughter, Eva knew Kinzo's personality well.

...So, by choosing the time when Kinzo was most dissatisfied with Natsuhi, she was magnificently able to make him accept Hideyoshi as an adopted son-in-law.

...Looking at Hideyoshi, who had achieved success after starting from nothing, Kinzo might have seen a little bit of himself.

He quickly grew to like Hideyoshi and approved his transfer into the Ushiromiya register...

George would eventually become the Successor to the Ushiromiya family. They had raised him strictly with that purpose in mind. He had been worth their while and had grown into a fabulous young man, who wouldn't disappoint no matter where he went.

...That was why he had not been permitted to fall in love with a servant like Shannon.

...So when she'd learned that Shannon was dead and the engagement was now invalid, ...though part of her had still been shocked by the gruesome crime, part of her had also been relieved that her dear George wouldn't be stolen by some servant girl...

Eva: "... ...I... ...have hated Krauss nii-san since long ago. He was so full of himself, always swaggering around. So proud that he would one day become the Head. ...So I wanted to get back at him. ...Was that just a childish emotion...? But in the end, that emotion guided my entire life. If that had been all, then it would have been fine! ...But because of that emotion, I got you and George involved. I used you."

Hideyoshi: "...Eva, don't blame yourself for that." Hideyoshi got up and held Eva's shoulder. ...She could feel a warm understanding from him.

Hideyoshi: "...Well, I reached the halfway point in my life long ago. ...But you know, I have absolutely no regrets about how I've lived my life. Not one."

Hideyoshi: "...I think that since I've been with you, Eva, I've been able to relish an enjoyable life that other men never will. ...After I lost my relatives in the war, you reminded me what the warmth of family is. So I'm grateful to the Ushiromiya family and think of it as my only one."

Hideyoshi: "...In this life I've led with you, not a single thing's been wasted. It's really been a fun life up 'til today."

Eva: "...Thank you, ...darling."

Eva hung her head, burying her face in Hideyoshi's chest... ...Probably, no one in the parlor could even imagine that this side of Eva existed.

Hideyoshi: "I'm the one who should be thankin' you. Until today, there hasn't been a single day I've regretted bein' with you!"

Eva: "...Me too. I'm so glad...to have you by my side."

Hideyoshi: "George is already a fine adult. Even if I don't look out for him, he's a man who could do his job well on his own. ...I wonder. Around New Year's, do you want to go spend some time in the Maldives? Just us, no one else."

Eva: "...No waaay. Aren't you always saying that you're so busy responding to New Year's cards that you don't even sleep...?"

Hideyoshi: "None of that this New Year's! I won't read New Year's cards. I'll just stay quiet and check to see if I've won the New Year's lottery. It'd sure be nice if we won a color TV this year!"

Eva: "No waaay... I don't want to waste time checking the lottery while in the Maldives..."

Hideyoshi: "Then none of that either! ...How does it sound? Just the two of us, taking it easy like when we were newlyweds, just before George was born."

Eva: "...Yes. ...In that case, fine..."

Hideyoshi: "I hear the Maldives are wonderful. An island with nothin' on it, surrounded by beaut'ful coral reefs and cottages lined up over the water..."

Eva: "...Like when we were newlyweds, you say? Starting when...?"

Hideyoshi: "As soon as I've finished up some business. I won't know 'til I ask the travel agency, but probably before New Year's Eve-"

Eva: "No way. ...Right now, ...I want to go right now."

Eva nagged at his lips in a peevish, yet flirtatious manner...

The only sounds that filled the room were the distant voice of the announcer on the news, which Hideyoshi had left on, and the obnoxious pounding of the rain against the window...

There was a knock on the door, and Genji-san entered.

Genji: "...Madam, dinner has been prepared. Will you eat in here again...?"

Natsuhi: "...Yes. Have it brought here. Is Doctor Nanjo still in the kitchen?"

Genji: "...Yes. He has said he wishes to carefully deliberate over his next move. ...Do not worry, he is with the other servants."

Jessica: "Genji-san's good enough at chess to be Grandfather's opponent. I hear he's even better than Doctor Nanjo, right?"

George: "...That's right. Long ago, he played against me, but he must've let me win."

Battler: "Maria, sounds like it'll be time to eat soon. But look at you, you've been watching TV all day long and you still haven't gotten bored!"

Maria: "Uu-. I'm always watching TV so I'm fine. Uu-."

George: "Heh, Maria-chan sure is a TV kid."

Jessica: "Food's coming, so we have to clean up the table."

Earlier, we had torn several pages out of Maria's notebook, and there was now a mess where everyone had been drawing together.

Jessica began cleaning that up quickly. ...Still, everyone here really can draw. I'd never guessed.

Natsuhi: "...Genji, ask Eva-san and Hideyoshi-san whether they'd at least like to have dinner with us. ...Although they will probably turn us down."

Genji: "...Certainly."

Natsuhi: "First Father, and now Eva-san... It's quite hard to gather everyone to the Ushiromiya dinner table." Natsuhi felt her headache start throbbing again and lightly held her temples...

The distance from the kitchen to the parlor wasn't that great, so Genji had gone and come back by himself, but the guest room was a little farther away.

Natsuhi had warned him to avoid being alone whenever possible, and just now, Nanjo had also admonished him, saying it would be better if he held a little more concern for his safety.

...Kanon accompanied Genji, and the two of them went to visit Eva and Hideyoshi in their guest room.

Genji knocked on the door.

Genji: "...Eva-sama, Hideyoshi-sama. Dinner has been prepared." He waited a short while for them to come out, but there was no response.

Kanon: "...Genji-sama, ...look at this."

Kanon pointed under the door.

...A Western envelope had been inserted under it.

Normally, when something was inserted this way, it'd be interpreted as a message from someone outside to someone in the room.

...So, since this might be a private note meant for Eva and Hideyoshi, it was not something that Kanon and Genji were supposed to take interest in.

...But this Western envelope... was one of Kinzo's, the same kind as the one Maria had taken out last night and surprised everyone with.

Genji: "... ...There can be no mistake. It is one of the Master's envelopes."

Kanon: "...Or could it be... ..."

Even though this was one of Kinzo's envelopes, ...the letter Maria read aloud the previous night hadn't come from Kinzo...

Genji continued knocking a little harder and called out in a loud voice.

Genji: "Eva-sama. Eva-sama...! It is Genji. Are you there?! Please answer, Eva-sama...!!"

But there was no response from inside.

Sometimes, when the servants went to call some guests for a meal, the guests would be sleeping so deeply that they wouldn't wake up. ...In times like that, the servants would stick a letter in the door to show that it was time to come out, and leave the guest be.

...But despite that, Genji beat even harder on the door and called out Eva's name. However, there was no answer.

Kanon stuck his ear up to the door, held his breath, and listened for any sounds coming from inside...

Kanon: "...I hear something that sounds like the television. ...But I don't sense anyone. ...The room might be empty..."

Genji took out a handkerchief, and, careful not to touch it with his bare hands, gently pulled out the envelope that had been stuck under the door...

It was sealed with deep red sealing wax. ...Without a doubt, the mark on that sealing wax had come from the Ushiromiya Family Head's Ring...

Genji: "Eva-sama! Eva-sama!! Please, answer!! Are you still in your room?!"

But there was still no answer...

There was a chance that those two were aimlessly walking around the mansion.

...This was the home Eva had grown up in. There was plenty of reason to think that she had gone out on a casual stroll...

Genji groped around in his pocket and pulled out the bundle of keys, which contained the key that would open the guest room.

Kanon: "...Genji-sama...?!" Kanon also understood what this meant.

...They would sometimes unlock the door so they could go in and do things like make the beds, but only after they made sure the guests were out.

To unlock the door for any other reason, and especially to do so when there was a chance the guests hadn't given permission and might still be in there, was an action unbecoming of a servant.

...But Genji had decided. ...If the only problem had been that his knock hadn't received a reply, he wouldn't have gone this far.

But the envelope under the door was doubtlessly one of Kinzo's. ...Or rather, one of the Western envelopes of the Ushiromiya Family Head. ...After last night, the sender of this envelope could be someone other than Kinzo.

...If this letter had been sent by someone else...

Genji: "Eva-sama...! My apologies. Allow me to enter your room..."

After giving that final notice, Genji stuck one of the keys from the bundle into the keyhole.

There was the sound of the door unlocking. ...And, after slowly turning the knob, he slowly started opening the door.

Light seeped through the crack of the door. ...Were they in the room? Or had they...forgotten to turn out the lights...?

*clank*.

...It was the sound of the door chain being pulled tight. The chain had been secured.

The chain couldn't be secured from the outside. So it also proved that they were in the room.

The sound of voices on the TV seeped out of the room. ...The lights, the chain, and the TV.

All of these things made it clear they were in the room, ...but there was no sign of them.

Genji called to Eva once again through the crack of the door. But there was no answer.

Kanon: "...Genji-sama, ...what should we do...?"

As part of their job, the servants were able to unlock almost any lock in the mansion. But they had no way to open a door with a chain.

...The only way to get by the chain was to cut it.

...That was certainly not permitted as part of a servant's usual work.

...A creepy chill had already rushed up their backs... Kanon held his breath again and tried to sense someone through the door, but even so, he was not able to sense anyone.

Genji: "...I will call Madam and return. ...Kanon, cut the chain."

Kanon: "...Y-Yes...!" As Kanon hurried away to get a cutting tool, Genji called him to a stop.

Genji: "Wait, Kanon...! ...Return to the kitchen and take Kumasawa with you. You must not act alone."

Kanon: "...Yes... Certainly..."

It looked like Kanon was wondering why he had to do something so troublesome in the middle of this urgent situation. ...But Genji had said it out of wariness.

...He didn't care what happened to himself. ...But in the worst-case scenario, he didn't want anything to happen to Kanon.

In the kitchen, Kumasawa was piling food on the serving cart, and Nanjo was waiting for Genji, apparently wanting to show him a move he'd finally thought up that might turn the tables on him.

...But Genji's appearance immediately told him that something was wrong.

Nanjo: "...Oh, ...what has happened, Genji-san...?"

Genji: "...Doctor Nanjo, my apologies, but please allow this match to be suspended for the time being. ...Kanon, take care of the chain. Kumasawa, stop setting up dinner for now and accompany Kanon. I will go over to Madam. If you would come with me, Doctor Nanjo."

Nanjo: "H-Has something happened...?"

Genji took Nanjo, who still didn't know what was going on, and quickly left the kitchen.

Kanon: "...Kumasawa-san, my apologies, but please come with me."

Kumasawa: "Wh-What has happened, Kanon-san...?"

Kumasawa said almost exactly the same thing as Nanjo, unable to take in the situation, and chased after Kanon, who had flown out into the hallway...

Taking Kumasawa with him, Kanon went to a storage room and looked through the tools packed in toolboxes and hanging all over the walls, trying to find something that could be used to cut the chain.

Kumasawa: "What are you looking for...? ...Let me help too..."

Kanon: "...We're cutting a door chain. ...Where was that large wire cutter..."

Kumasawa: "A door chain...? Wh-Why would you do something like that...?"

Kanon: "...The chain to Eva-sama and Hideyoshi-sama's room. ...Even though they should be inside, they didn't answer when we called them." It took Kumasawa some time to figure out how cutting the chain and Eva and Hideyoshi not answering were connected, but she did realize that this was an urgent situation.

Kanon: "That one will probably do the trick..."

Kanon took down a very large wire cutter that had been hanging on the wall. It was called a cutter, but maybe it'd be easier to understand if we said it was shaped like a large pair of pliers.

...Kanon remembered once being warned that this dangerous tool could easily cut through one of your fingers...

Kanon took that and rushed up the stairs. ...He already knew instinctively.

...He should fight for every minute, every second to open it quickly. ...Or perhaps... it was already...

Kumasawa: "Please wait, Kanon-san...! Haah, ...haah...!"

Kanon: "...Hurry!"

Kumasawa eventually caught up with him, gasping for breath with both hands on her knees.

When Kanon changed his grip on the wire cutters and looked up at the door, he let out an `ah', struck speechless...

Kumasawa: "...Wh- What is...this... ...Eeeeeeeep..." Kumasawa screamed weakly, her face pallid...

That was no surprise... Because, right there, ...on the door, ...just like the magic circle that had been drawn on the shutter of the rose garden storehouse, there was another eerie shape drawn with a blood-like paint.

However, it would be odd to call this one a `magic circle'.

...Because, unlike what most people would expect, it wasn't a circle with shapes drawn inside it, but a slightly more complicated geometrical shape.

...However, those strange characters filling in the gaps, which weren't from the alphabet, were the same kind as the ones on that magic circle on the shutter...

But the thing that had Kanon struck speechless wasn't how eerie the magic circle was. ...It was that something like this hadn't been here a short while ago...!!

First, he had taken a trip back to the kitchen. After that, he'd gone to the storage room to grab a tool and headed right back. Put those together and it couldn't have been more than five minutes.

...How could someone add something this creepy during that period of time...?!

And as though it had just been drawn, almost like the door itself was bleeding, several unsettling vertical red lines slowly dripped down, getting longer and longer...

Kumasawa: "...Eeeeeep, ...eeeeeeeeeeeeeek...!" Kumasawa's knees gave way, and she sank down on the spot. ...If Kumasawa hadn't done this first, then Kanon surely would have wanted to.

Kanon: "...Be...atrice...sama..."

Kumasawa: "Eeeeeeeeeek...! It's the work of Beatrice-sama, how horrid, how horrid...!!"

Kanon: "...!"

Kanon gulped, then readied the wire cutter and approached the door. ...He didn't want to get close to this disturbing magic circle, and he really didn't want to touch the steadily dripping substance that looked like blood. ...But if he didn't get close, he wouldn't be able to cut the chain.

Fighting this cold feeling, he gulped again, and after gathering his courage, he went even closer, putting the wire cutter up against the chain.

...He then pressed with all of his strength, managing to cut through the chain far more easily than he'd anticipated.

The cut chain fell into two separate parts, which continued to clang as they swayed back and forth...

Kumasawa: "...Kanon-san, ...there's an envelope by your feet, ...and isn't that...the Master's..."

It looked like Kumasawa had also noticed the Western envelope at the bottom of the door. And that the sealing wax had been sealed with the Head's Ring.

Kanon hesitated for just a second over whether he should open the letter first or check inside the room, but he eventually decided on fulfilling his original purpose.

...Kanon pulled a handkerchief out of his pocket. This was so he wouldn't leave fingerprints on the door.

...If his worst fears were realized, ...the police would want to investigate this room too...!!

He slowly pushed the door open... He was able to more clearly hear the sound of the television, which had been seeping out faintly this whole time.

Kanon: "...Eva-sama...?"

Eva was lying face up on the bed, ...on the bed with her shoes still on...?

Kumasawa, who had fearfully entered after Kanon and who was hiding behind his back, screamed a short `eeek!' again when she saw Eva like that.

Eva's shoes had been the first part of her that Kanon had seen, so the oddness of wearing shoes in bed was the first thing to strike him, ...but when Eva's head shifted into his line of sight, ...Kanon couldn't help but let out a short scream like Kumasawa...

Right in the middle of Eva's forehead...something had been... ...placed? Something was growing there...?

No. ...Right in the center of her forehead... Was it an old-fashioned knife? That or some weapon like it was sticking out!!!

At the base of where it was stuck in, blood dripped down, staining the sheets on the other side bright red...

Kumasawa's knees gave way once more, and she sank down on the floor. ...Her mouth kept flapping open and closed, but she couldn't even scream. ...Eva was dead, with some kind of weapon sticking out of her forehead.

Both eyes were open wide, and the image of the person who killed her must have been burned into them, ...but the only mouth capable of naming that person had been shut for all eternity.

Even though her forehead was the last place they wanted to look, they couldn't tear their eyes from it...

Right there, the weapon was stuck into Eva's forehead, standing almost perfectly upright. And on the handle was a complicated design that you wouldn't expect to see on an ordinary weapon.

...That thing...could be summed up with the word `occult'. ...It was a vulgar object, with a design that might've been of some demon.

Kanon: "...What about Hideyoshi-sama...? ...Hideyoshi-sama...!" Eva was on top of her bed, but the other bed was empty.

...Where was Hideyoshi?!

After taking a backwards glance at Kumasawa, still on her knees and stupefied, he checked the bathroom just in case. At the moment he opened the door, he was greeted by steam and the sound of the shower.

The bathroom was of the same familiar style as most hotel bathrooms. When taking a shower, a waterproof curtain was used to keep water from flying out.

That waterproof curtain was half open... ...and lying tumbled down in the bathtub was Hideyoshi, completely naked, with both eyes open... and pointing right at Kanon.

Just like Eva, a weapon with a demon-like design was stuck into his forehead.

Since his head had been under the shower's hot water this whole time, his face wasn't half covered and filthy with blood like Eva's had been, ...but the sight of him dead while still taking a shower was tragic enough...

Just then, they heard Natsuhi's voice coming from the hall. She was probably coming with Genji.

Natsuhi: "...A-Again with this grafitti... ...What about this letter...? What does it say inside?"

Genji: "I don't know, ...I haven't read it yet."

Nanjo: "...We shouldn't touch it carelessly... The culprit's fingerprints might be left on it... We should hand it over to the police..."

Natsuhi: "...They went out of their way to leave it here. I'm sure they wouldn't have left fingerprints." As Natsuhi said that, she picked up the envelope.

...And before checking its contents, she entered the room herself, ...where she found Eva, dead.

Natsuhi: "...E-Eva-san...!!!!"

Kanon: "...Madam, ...Hideyoshi-sama is here too..."

Nanjo: "...Th-This is... truly atrocious..."

Natsuhi: "...Kanon, turn off the shower... Don't let this be any more pitiful than it needs to be...!"

Kanon: "...Y-Yes Ma'am." Kanon gripped his handkerchief and twisted the valve, turning off the shower.

In the bathtub, a small jar of body soap had fallen with its cap off.

...It really looked like he'd been attacked while taking a shower. ...There was still a small splash of blood clinging to the white bathtub, and the combination of red and white made a horrible contrast.

Genji: "...Doctor Nanjo..."

Nanjo: "...I-I understand... ...No signs of postmortem lividity... Rigor mortis hasn't begun either. It would seem that an hour or so has passed since they were killed... But even so, ...how a weapon with such a short handle could do that to the skull, ...I cannot imagine..." Nanjo checked their pulse and their pupils, making certain of their deaths once more.

...As Kanon watched this businesslike treatment, he thought. ...Couldn't you tell at a glance that they're dead without doing all that?

Nanjo thought about removing the weapon, but then decided it'd be better to preserve the scene and hand it over to the police, so he left it alone.

But a close inspection of the base showed that it didn't have a blade. In fact, it was more conical than blade-shaped. ...He noticed that, rather than a knife, it was more like a short handled spear, something with a shape better suited for thrusting than slicing.

Rather than a short spear, you might call it a thick icepick.

At any rate, after looking at this scene, no further words were needed to describe what sort of terrible purpose such eerily designed weapons were originally made for, nor was it necessary to explain how they carried out their function.

Natsuhi, hoping to escape the repulsive steam filling the bathroom as soon as she could, covered her mouth with a handkerchief and dashed from the room... Just viewing their gruesome bodies for an instant had been enough to burn the image into her eyes. If she looked any longer, that image would surely remain in her vision for all eternity...

The rising urge to vomit was exactly the same feeling she'd had that morning at the gardening storehouse... For a while, Natsuhi couldn't help but stand with her back facing the guest room, fighting that sickness in her stomach...

Natsuhi: "...A-At any rate, we can't let the children... we can't let George-kun see this room. Seal this room with all haste...!"

Kumasawa: "...Y-Yes, we mustn't let them see... If George-san saw his parents in this brutal state..."

But they could tell that those fiercely racing footsteps in the hallway belonged to George, even before he came dashing into the room.

George and the other children had been waiting in the parlor.

However, when they saw Genji speak to Natsuhi, when they saw her turn pale and fly out of the parlor, they'd felt a sense of foreboding.

And when they saw a large group of people gathered around the guest room, they were sure of it...

George: "Father!!! Mother!!!"

Jessica: "...Aaahh, wh-what is this...? Another...magic circle?!"

Maria: "..."

Battler: "Aunt Eva and Uncle Hideyoshi are safe, right?! Hey, Kanon-kun! What's this all about?!"

Kanon: "...Battler-sama... ..." Kanon didn't have to say anything. George's scream after he ran into the room told them everything they needed to know.

George: "...Uwaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaggggh!! Who... who did this?!! I'll kill you, I'll kill you!!!"

Natsuhi: "...George-kun, ...hang in there..."

Natsuhi touched George's shoulder with her hand, but he violently shook her off. ...George fell over beside Eva and buried his face in the bed in front of his mother's face, wailing.

Then he pounded on the bed with his fist, over and over again...

Jessica: "...G- George nii-san, ...h-hang in there... ...Huh, ...Battler?"

Kanon: "...Battler-sama..."

Battler...had his back against the wall of the hallway... and was covering his eyes with his right hand and weeping without restraint...

Battler: "Horrible... ...That's horrible... ...He proposed to the girl he loved and lost her the next day. ...And on the same day, even his Mom and Dad were killed... ...I-Isn't that too harsh...?"

...Of course, it's sad whenever anyone dies, no matter who it is. But to Battler, ...those left alone by the deaths of others were far more worthy of pity.

Everyone here now had lost someone close to them. George wasn't the only one to be pitied.

...However, ...George's pain was far greater than everyone else's.

Jessica: "...Battler..."

Battler: "I know...everyone dies sooner or later... If you're human, you'll eventually reach a time when you've gotta fight the sorrow of losing someone close to you. ...But still, shouldn't that day be far in the future for Aniki, ...and shouldn't those deaths visit him one at a time...?!! ...Horrible, it's too horrible... ...That bastard... That bastard...! Doesn't he have...even a speck of human sympathy in him...?!! Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaahhh!!!"

Maria: "...Uu-... Battler, ...don't cry, don't cry..."

Maria tried to comfort Battler in a mechanical-sounding voice... Battler violently wiped his tears.

Battler: "Yeah... Damn it, ...I won't cry anymore... Tears of regret, tears of sadness, I won't shed them again... ...Aah, it's all useless. The witch's got me backed into a corner. I'm always on the defensive...! And that's useless, it's all useless! I'll spin the chessboard around...!! That bastard probably thinks we'll be running scared like sheep until tomorrow before we try anything. ...But guess what, I'll spin it around!! That bastard can't escape this island until tomorrow either...! We won't be hiding away, pissing ourselves, that bastard will! I'll expose you, you'll see. By tomorrow, ...no, screw tomorrow. Tonight."

Battler: "Before tonight's over I'll be gripping you by the collar...!!"

# Chapter 14
# label: *umi1_14
# Night of October 5. Eyecatch: October 5 (Sun) 19:30 → 20:00.

Natsuhi: "...At any rate, we'll lock this room and leave everything as it is until the police come. ...No objections, I take it?"

Natsuhi announced it as though she didn't care whether they agreed or not.

...If anyone had a right to object, it would've been George, ...but he looked as though he'd shed enough tears.

George nodded slightly, still facing away from the others, and when he stood up, everyone else agreed too.

Natsuhi still hadn't opened that Western envelope of the Family Head that she'd picked up. ...But now that they'd decided to leave this room, she decided to unseal it in the parlor, where everyone could watch.

As soon as they walked out into the hallway to head back to the parlor, ...some of them immediately felt something out of place, ...or maybe sensed something strange.

Maria: "...Uu-. ...Stinks?"

Jessica: "Ah, ...did you notice it too, Maria? ...Seriously, what's that smell? ...It's awful..." When everyone sniffed the air, ...they did notice a horrible burnt smell drifting through the hallway, one that none of them had smelled until then.

Kumasawa: "...I will go quickly to check the kitchen... I'm sure I turned the flame off..."

After noticing a burnt smell, it was natural that Kumasawa, who had just been using the burner in the kitchen, suspected that her own slip-up had caused it. Kumasawa hastily dashed away.

Genji: "...Kanon, go with Kumasawa. Do not let her be alone."

Kanon: "Y-Yes...!" After nodding at Genji's order, Kanon followed after her. ...He wasn't running, but as he followed her, he tried to search for the cause of the smell in other directions as well.

Maria: "...Uu-. Stinks. ...Uuu--."

Natsuhi: "It truly is...a stench that makes the nose wrinkle. ...However, that doesn't mean we can just open a window for ventilation..." Natsuhi was reluctant to open the windows in a situation where self-defense was so important.

Genji: "...Let us run the fan. I do not believe there will be any need to open the windows."

Battler: "...George-aniki, ...is it okay if I talk to you?"

George: "...If it's about finding the culprit, then I have no problems." It seemed that George had managed to climb out of the abyss of sorrow.

...All that filled his chest now was the quiet flame of hatred towards the culprit who had stolen the lives of the one he loved and his beloved parents.

Battler: "...The chain for this room was set. ...From what I could tell by looking at it, I'm positive that it couldn't be opened from the outside. ...In other words, this was a perfect closed room."

George: "...That does seem to be the case. In the case of the rose garden storehouse, they might've sneaked the shutter's key out of the servant room, or maybe they had a duplicate key. ...I can imagine many ways they could've done it. ...But this chain is different. Among generally used locking techniques, a chain is the simplest one to create a closed room with."

Jessica: "Only a chain will block everyone coming from the outside as long as it isn't physically broken. So, does this mean the culprit couldn't have gone in or out through the door...?"

Battler: "...That's interesting. Just a few hours ago, I seem to remember everyone making a fuss over how to enter a room without using the door."

Back then, we were all losing our cool, wondering how Grandfather had disappeared from his room.

...The receipt Aunt Eva stuck in the door on a whim proved that the door had remained sealed, and since Aunt Natsuhi was the only person to enter or exit during that time, she was under suspicion.

Aunt Eva proposed a theory about how Aunt Natsuhi might've thrown Grandfather out the window... and left by the door herself.

But this door is much simpler.

It was sealed from the inside by the door chain. The window had also been locked from the inside, and the bodies had been inside the room.

...This time it really had been, without exaggeration, a true closed room.

...That's right. If you include Grandfather's disappearance, three cases have occurred, and all three times, the door has been the point of interest.

The first was the shutter.

There was a key in the servant room, and if we assume someone knew about that, this can't really be called a closed room.

The next was the door sealed by the receipt.

However, Aunt Natsuhi entered that room, so if Grandfather had left through the window or been thrown out, she would've been able to lock the window before escaping.

Or, like my theory, Grandfather could've hidden until the receipt was gone and left the room later. ...Basically, this door can be defeated with a handful of desperate tricks.

In that sense, you really can't call this one a closed room either.

And now, we have the door sealed with the door chain.

...Finally, we have to give up. The window, the door, ...everything had been locked. It was a perfect closed room.

The first hadn't been a closed room because everyone could be suspected. ...The second hadn't been a closed room because Aunt Natsuhi could be suspected.

...But this time, no one can be suspected! This was a perfect closed room, because the door chain formed a seal that blocked everyone equally well...!

George: "...In that case, did the culprit carry out the crime without entering the room...? With some method from outside the room...?"

Jessica: "Good point... Even though the chain makes it impossible to open it wide enough for a person to fit through, you can open it a small crack. Did the culprit knock on the door to make them peer out...before attacking them...? Wait, ...am I missing something...?"

Battler: "Yeah, you are. ...If Aunt Eva's body had been lying right next to the door, then it might've been possible. But she was on the bed at the back of the room! And Uncle Hideyoshi was even in the bathroom. Looking from the crack in the door, you couldn't even see them, and you couldn't reach them with your hands either. ...Damn it, it's all useless. I don't have a clue!!"

...Something was tugging softly at my sleeve. ...It was Maria.

Maria: "...Uu-. Satisfied?"

Battler: "What do you mean, satisfied?"

Maria: "...Kihihihi. ...Battler, since you didn't want to suspect any of your relatives, you made a wish, saying you wanted the culprit to be Beatrice, right?"

Maria: "Well, Beatrice granted that wish. ...Just as you asked, she `did something that was completely impossible for a human to make you believe in the witch'. ...And now you're complaining? How selfish. Kihihihi. O-uch." I tapped Maria, who was laughing unpleasantly, on the head with my fist.

Battler: "Sure, thanks for granting that wish. That just now was to thank you, and also to teach you to stop laughing when it's inappropriate. More importantly, tell me. There was another mysterious scribble on the door to Aunt Eva and Uncle Hideyoshi's room. Was that another magic circle?!"

Maria: "...Kihihihi. That one had a really memorable and characteristic design, so I'd hoped you'd at least know what it was. O-uch."

Battler: "I don't know, which is why I'm letting you take the credit. Quit whining and explain."

Maria: "...You sure are violent, Battler. I won't tell you if you're too mean, get it...? O-uch! Uu-, ...I'll say it, I'll say it, stop hitting me. ...That's the first magic circle of the moon."

Battler: "What does it mean? What is this magic circle's effect?! What does the Hebrew writing mean?!"

Maria: "The words are from the Old Testament, Psalms 107 verse 16. ...`For he has broken gates of brass and cuts through bars of iron'. ...This magic circle has two effects. First, it can open a door regardless of which method has been used to lock it."

Battler: "That sure is convenient. ...So you're saying they're trying to make it look like they're a witch, because this closed room has a door that can't be opened without relying on magic...?! And the other effect?!"

Maria: "When you're blocked by unopenable doors in all directions, it opens a door. ...By using it in a difficult situation, it gives you a solution you hadn't even thought of until then. Generally speaking, you receive the powers of observation and discernment, inspiration and intuition. ...Kihihihi. Beatrice is trying to provoke you, since there's no way lowly humans like Battler could figure out how this door was opened. Kihihihi, o-uch."

Battler: "Okay, good work, so shut up. ...Sounds great, I'll accept this challenge from the witch!"

George: "...Maria-chan, ...things like witches and demons don't exist in this world. ...Someone killed Father and Mother! I don't know whether that was someone I know or not. But either way, it was definitely a human...!!"

Jessica: "...Yeah, but...how? How did they reach those two through that crack in the door? It couldn't have been more than ten centimeters wide...!"

Natsuhi: "At any rate, I can hardly stand this stench. ...What in the world could it be...?!"

Kanon and Kumasawa, who had gone on ahead, realized the smell wasn't coming from the kitchen even before they arrived there.

That was because they noticed an even thicker wave of stench rising up from the stairs leading to the basement, which they passed on their way to the kitchen.

Kanon: "...The boiler room..."

Kumasawa: "...I wonder if there's something wrong with the boiler again..."

Those stairs led to the underground boiler room.

The mansion's boiler was old and in poor condition. Both of them had witnessed problems with the boiler on several occasions, but they had never smelled the boiler belching out a stench like this before.

*slam*.

Kumasawa: "Wh-What was that sound...?!" The thing they heard from the basement was definitely the sound of a door closing. ...Kumasawa had phrased it as a question, but she already knew it couldn't be anything else.

Kumasawa was so surprised at that sound that her knees gave way yet again and she cowered... ...After all, *at that very moment, no one could have been in the boiler room*.

Just a few seconds ago, everyone had been crowded together around Eva and Hideyoshi's room! So who caused the sound of a door closing just now?!

Kanon: "...!"

Kumasawa: "Kanon-san...!!"

After taking a second to sort out the situation, Kanon ran down towards the basement...!

Since they'd heard the sound of a door closing just now, and there was no sign of anyone coming up the stairs, the person who'd closed the door had to be inside the boiler room now.

If the boiler room had been a dead end, Kanon wouldn't have rushed in so hastily.

...But Kanon was a servant, so he knew. There were two entrances to the boiler room, one that opened to the mansion and one that opened to the courtyard. If he didn't chase them now, they might slip away...!

Kumasawa reached the same conclusion long after Kanon did. ...But she couldn't let him go alone...!

If the thing in the boiler room was the culprit, ...an opponent who had easily killed six adults in the first murder, then no matter how Kanon confronted them, he wouldn't be a match.

...Of course, with this argument, even if Kumasawa joined him, it wouldn't change anything... At any rate, after a delay, Kumasawa decided that she mustn't let Kanon go alone, and she rushed down the stairs...!!

At that time, Kanon was already in the boiler room.

The boiler room's characteristic damp heat tormented him. ...It had always been an unpleasantly smelly and hot place.

And on top of that, the room was full of that horrible stench, ...which made Kanon feel like he was going to be sick. ...There was no doubt that this room was the source.

In that case, Kanon should have been searching for where the smell was coming from. However, Kanon kept gazing straight forward as he grabbed a hatchet from a tool shelf just off to the side of the door.

...He hadn't stretched out his hand because he'd wanted a hatchet. ...He had wanted to grab a weapon, any weapon. ...Why?

Kanon: "..."

Kanon gazed into the darkness where the naked light bulb couldn't pierce. ...Then, he *answered*.

Kanon: "...In roulette, you bet on a number or the colors red or black, vying for a payoff. ...However, low-risk bets like black and red only offer a similarly low payoff."

The words coming from Kanon's mouth...were swallowed up by the darkness. That darkness suddenly started to swirl, glittering...

It was...such a fantastical scene...

Golden sparkling butterflies that hid in the shadows all over the boiler room... flapped their wings, twinkling beautifully, ...and gathered in the darkness, disappearing...

Kanon continued speaking, directing his words at the darkness as it swallowed the butterflies up. ...But as the butterflies gathered in the darkness, they...perhaps...probably...no, they would certainly...laugh.

...But Kanon continued to speak without faltering in the slightest.

Kanon: "...However, if you bet on something with a lower probability, your payoff increases proportional to the risk. ...The Master called succeeding despite an astronomical risk a `miracle', and called the astronomical payoff gained as a result `magic'."

Kanon: "...I have no interest in what kind of `magic' you and the Master were seeking when you spun that roulette... But you forgot something. ...You forgot that in roulette, there's a pocket that's neither black nor red."

Roulette has a special pocket called `0', which means that the house takes everything in certain variants of the game. This means that all of the coins bet on the table will be swept up, just as though everyone has forfeit...

Kanon: "...I set my heart on just one thing. ...I decided that if... ...Shannon were to be killed, and I was left alive, ...I'd sacrifice this life of mine and bring this roulette of yours to ruin...!"

Kanon: "...This isn't one of the Master's rules, ...and it certainly isn't one of yours. ...I made this rule myself. ...I'm not furniture anymore. ...I'm the zero on your roulette...!"

...Kanon's face...twisted with humiliation. ...It was clear that his defiance against his own weaknesses was being ridiculed somehow.

Kanon's brow creased even further, ...and a fierce expression that he'd never shown to anyone appeared on his face.

...The hand grasping the hatchet was shaking. ...His sweat became drops, which slid downward...

It was clear that the emotion causing Kanon's hand to shake wasn't just anger. ...However, Kanon suppressed that emotion...

Kanon: "...I won't let your words lead me astray again. ...This is where the Demons' Roulette ends. ...W- Wait another thousand years in hell for your next summoner, Beatriiiiiiiiiiiiiiice!!!"

When Kanon raised the hatchet and tried to dive into the darkness, the darkness definitely sneered. It sneered at that courage as if it were vulgar, lazy, futile, and meaningless.

...Kanon, his hatchet still held aloft, ...couldn't take another step after that...

With a *clang*, the hatchet that he'd been grasping fell and rolled on the floor...

And following that, with a pair of thuds, Kanon's knees hit, ...left, then right...

That hand, which looked like it was trying to catch the sky now that the hatchet had been dropped, gradually lowered, ...landing on his chest. Then, the other hand did the same.

...Right there, a handle with a demon-shaped design was buried into his chest. The same type of weapon that had been stabbed into Eva and Hideyoshi's foreheads...was in Kanon's chest...

Kanon: "...Nnng, ...ghh, ..." Kanon was curled up in anguish, fresh blood dribbling from the corner of his mouth... ...It was...makeup too extreme for Kanon's white skin...

Around this scene, the glittering gold butterflies danced through the darkness, mesmerizing... It was a beautiful, beautiful dance...a funeral march of tribute, ridicule, and contempt for a single boy's self-sacrifice.

...Kanon had already been prepared for his own death, ...but although he could do nothing but accept the death he had received, he attempted one last measure of resistance.

...He grasped the handle of the weapon sticking into his chest with both hands, ...and gritting his teeth with an acute, unearthly pain, ... ...he pulled it out.

For only a moment, a bright-red spray gushed out. ...It made an unpleasant *bloop* sound.

It probably resembled the sound of Kanon's soul as it was sucked into the swamp of the dead...

Kumasawa: "...Kanon-san?! Eeeeeeeeeeeeek!!! S-Someoooooooone!! Eeeeeeeeekkk!" Kumasawa screamed at the incomprehensible sight in front of her.

Kanon was lying in a pool of blood... ...Kumasawa's heart was a complete mess.

Aah, what a horrible fate! He wouldn't have been killed if I had been with him! Aah, what incredible luck! If I had been with him, I might have been killed too!!

As she screamed, her expression was filled with complete confusion, and all of the muscles of her face were pulled up, almost as though she was smiling while crying... But no one could have made fun of an expression like this...!!

Natsuhi: "What is it, Kumasawa?!! Answer me, Kumasawa!!!" The first one to dash in was Natsuhi, holding the rifle. Battler and Genji dashed in after her.

Normally, they probably would've started discussing the origin of that violent stench filling the boiler room. ...But after they saw Kanon, who was lying on the ground as if he were drowning in an ocean of his own blood, the stench wasn't important anymore.

Natsuhi: "Kanon! Answer me!! ...Genji, bring Doctor Nanjo here!!"

Natsuhi realized that even though Kanon was on the verge of death, he was still conscious, so she sent Genji to get the doctor. ...Natsuhi, holding the rifle aloft, faced the darkness in the center of the boiler room and shouted!

Natsuhi: "...Who is hiding over there?!!! Come out quietly!! If you don't come out from there, I'll shoot without mercy!!"

Battler: "We need light! Aunt Natsuhi, let's light them up!!"

Battler, thinking quickly, took a large flashlight from the tool shelf alongside the door and used its light to cut through the darkness Natsuhi was glaring into.

But the light only shone on mechanical-looking piping and a door.

The door had been left open a small crack, and it was obvious that someone had left through there in a hurry.

Battler: "...Aunt Natsuhi, where does that door go?!"

Natsuhi: "G-Genji...! Where does that door lead to?!"

Genji: "...Th-The courtyard...!"

Battler: "L-Like hell I'd let you get away, you damn bastaaaaaaaard!!!"

Battler let out a war cry as he slammed into the door.

Cool air from outside suddenly rushed in.

...There were some thin, rough stairs leading up. ...Battler ran up them, shouting!

Natsuhi: "Wait, Battler-kun!! It's dangerous to be on your own right now!!" Natsuhi was also rushing up the stairs, chasing after Battler.

They were in the courtyard. ...The courtyard of the mansion had been built strictly for lighting purposes, so it wasn't a very elegant place.

Because it was surrounded on all sides, the air was calm and completely undisturbed, even though they could hear the sound of strong winds.

There was only the gentle, sorrowful rain...

As he ran through the cold and scattered raindrops, dashing up the stairs into the courtyard, Battler looked in every direction. ...Of course, the odds of him finding a suspicious silhouette just standing around nonchalantly were pretty much zero...

Battler spun, looking all around. He turned again and again. He kept spinning until he almost lost his sense of direction. He prayed that he would see the culprit somewhere in this scenery...!

But there was no chance. All he saw as he spun was more and more of the mansion's heartless walls and windows...!

Furthermore, there were two entrances into the mansion from the courtyard, and neither of them were locked. Because the courtyard couldn't be entered from outside the mansion, the doors had been built without locks.

...He didn't know which one they had left through! He had to give up. Battler pounded the wall with his fist, swearing...

Natsuhi: "...Battler-kun!! You mustn't run ahead by yourself!! ... ...Battler-kun...?" Battler pressed his forehead against the wall, which he scratched at with his fingernails as he cried...

Battler: "...Damn it, ...damn it, damn it!! Aunt Eva and Uncle Hideyoshi! And now Kanon-kun!!! You killed a full six people!! And that wasn't enough, so you had to kill three more!! Are you kidding me, are you fucking kidding meeeeeeeeeeeee?!! Aunt Eva and Uncle Hideyoshi were always kind and fun...!! I just met Kanon yesterday, but I'm sure I'd have gotten along fine with him! Why did you kill them?!! Why, why...?!!! You know, when people die, they don't come back to life again, right?! They aren't gonna quickly sprout up again like bamboo shoots!"

Battler: "...Why'd you kill them?! Why, ...why...?!!! Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaahhhh...!!"

...Battler was a boy who could understand the feelings of pain and regret in a person's heart. ...So he cried. With all his strength.

Natsuhi, who had always thought of Battler as a frank person, was a little surprised to find he had this delicate side, ...and at the same time, she understood how easily hurt the heart of a young person could be, so she held him.

Natsuhi: "...It's all right. ...I will definitely protect you, George-kun, Maria-chan, and Jessica. ...As a mother, ...and as the representative of the Ushiromiya family...!"

Battler: "...Gyaaaaaaaahhh!! Aaaaaaaaaggghhhh!!"

Battler, after sobbing into Natsuhi's chest for a while, wiped his tears with a bitter smile, as though he had been like that the whole time, and tried to appear as though he'd cried more than enough already...

Natsuhi: "Anyway, let's go back down for now. ...Protecting ourselves is a higher priority than finding the culprit. Tomorrow, the boat will arrive. After that happens, the police will come, and everything should be brought to light. ...There's no way the culprit can escape this island, no matter how much they struggle...!!"

Battler: "...That's right. ...When the police come..."

When the seagulls cry, ...the crime will be solved.

But, ...for some reason, Battler felt a slight sense of uneasiness, ...as if the seagulls would never cry again.

...That couldn't be true. When the typhoon passes, surely the lively seagulls will return to the harbor again...

I returned to the boiler room along with Aunt Natsuhi and told everyone weakly that we hadn't found anything.

We heard that Doctor Nanjo and George-aniki had carried Kanon-kun to the servant room. The servant room had a first aid kit and a sink, and could apparently function as a nurse's office.

Kumasawa-san and Jessica had accompanied them.

...Stains from Kanon-kun's blood remained on the floor.

Judging by the large amount of blood lost and the ruthless shape of the weapon that had fallen carelessly to the ground, ...I figured that Doctor Nanjo's treatment would probably end in vain...

That weapon was doubtlessly the same type that had been stuck in Aunt Eva and Uncle Hideyoshi's foreheads. ...But wait, isn't the demonic design on the handle a little different...?

There seemed to be some small differences in that part. Still, as far as their overall shape was concerned, the weapons were all of the same type.

Though it had seemed brutal, we'd left the weapons stuck into Aunt Eva and Uncle Hideyoshi to preserve the crime scene.

...So this was the first time we were able to have a perfect view of the entire weapon.

As we had expected, the weapon was not bladed like a knife, but shaped like an icepick, ...or rather, a thin stake. And, ...it had a spiral-shaped pattern, sort of like a drill.

...It looked like something that might be driven into the hearts of human sacrifices in some demonic ritual...

Including the handle, it was 25 centimeters long. Half of that was the stake-shaped part, which was stained with deep red blood. ...The length of the blood-stained part made it clear just how deeply it must have penetrated into Kanon-kun's chest...

But Aunt Natsuhi and the rest didn't even look at the weapon, and instead stood in front of the incinerator, where the horrible stench was emanating from.

They must have dragged it out. Dragged out `that thing' which had been burning in the furnace. ...`It' was still smoldering and kept sending out dense waves of that awfully unpleasant smell...

Genji-san and Maria stared down at it. Aunt Natsuhi probably couldn't stand to look directly at it. ...She kept shaking her head, her back to it.

Battler: "...Uu-...!"

...I thought nothing could surprise me after everything that's happened, ...but this is... ...gghh...!

I stood there for a while, moaning, with a rising urge to vomit...

...The true source of that unearthly stench... was a scorched corpse that had been cooking inside the incinerator...

The clothes, the surface of the body, and the hair were all hideously burned. That grotesque corpse was in a state where not the face, nor the age, nor even the gender could be guessed at...

But when I thought about it calmly, I realized that a corpse appearing at this time could only be one person. ...It was Grandfather, who had disappeared that morning, and whose whereabouts had been unknown.

Genji: "...I believe...it is most likely the Master."

Natsuhi: "...I...agree. ...That he would pass away in such a state... ...It's heartrending..."

Battler: "...But...is there any proof that this corpse really is Grandfather...? It's burnt so black, you can't even tell what sex it is..."

Natsuhi: "Battler-kun, ...look at the feet." Aunt Natsuhi, with her handkerchief over her mouth and her eyes averted, pointed and told me to look at the burnt corpse's feet. ...?

Genji: "...Notice how there are six toes on each foot."

Battler: "Huh? ...Ah, ...you're right..."

Just as Genji-san had said, there were six toes on each foot. Each individual toe had looked so normal in its line that I hadn't noticed...

Genji: "...The Master was born with six toes on both of his feet. ...Consequently, the Master was entrusted with the revival of the Ushiromiya family."

Natsuhi: "I have heard that since long ago, cases of polydactyly were common in the Ushiromiya family. ...It's probably hereditary."

Polydactyly literally means `many fingers'.

Because of a little mistake by God when the person is born, one of their toes or fingers splits into two, and the total number increases.

But a big deal isn't usually made of polydactyly in the world at large. That's because it isn't a disease, just something people are born with.

So while they are still babies, at about the time they turn one year old, they can be taken to the hospital and given surgery to make them normal.

Even a child with polydactyly can be treated before they become aware, so they might not even remember it themselves.

By the way, it seems that there's a possibility for this to occur in one out of every two thousand babies, so even though it's not usually seen, it isn't that rare at all.

Speaking of which, I think Uncle Hideyoshi mentioned something to me long ago. ...Something about how even Toyotomi Hideyoshi, the man who unified Japan at the end of the Sengoku period, had six fingers on one hand...

According to Aunt Natsuhi, among the many Ushiromiya Family Heads, the ones most praised for their wisdom all had polydactyly.

...Because of that, when Grandfather was born, his relatives were all excited at the thought that he might become another wise leader. And, when the leading relatives all died in the Great Kanto Earthquake, it was apparently argued that Grandfather should be the one to restore the family, because of the auspicious sign of his birth.

If Grandfather hadn't disliked his position as the Head so much, this sixth toe probably would've been pretty lucky for him. ...Come to think of it, I've heard about some country where it's believed people with polydactyly should be treated as gods and revered...

This is beside the point, but it's fairly common in mystery novels for a corpse to be burned to hide its identity.

...But I guess that in Grandfather's case, just toasting him wouldn't be enough...

And, ...Grandfather's body was not simply burnt.

...It was just like Aunt Eva and Uncle Hideyoshi...and the thing that had been stabbed into Kanon-kun's chest. One of those `demon's icepicks'...was stuck into his forehead...!

Genji: "...The Head's Ring is not on his finger."

Natsuhi: "...So the letter last night was telling the truth. ...Father... would probably be horribly disappointed..." Natsuhi-san let her head droop and closed her eyes tightly...

...This room had also become a vital crime scene for us to hand over to the police. ...It was decided that we would leave Grandfather's corpse here and lock the room, sealing it.

It isn't clear when Grandfather's corpse started burning in the incinerator.

Since, according to Genji, the strength of the flames hadn't been that strong, the body must have started burning a long time ago, so that stench could slowly creep out of the furnace and fill the room bit by bit, eventually pouring out and climbing up the staircase.

...Putting aside whether he was rare or well-done, Grandfather had been brought out, killed, and burned...even though he had started out locked away in the closed room created by his auto-lock. ...There's probably no doubting this...

However, according to Genji-san, the boiler room is usually locked.

...The possibility that someone outside our group had snuck in and committed the crime was overwhelmingly high, and there was also a good chance that this person was walking around with something like a master key.

...After all, the doors and windows throughout the mansion had been checked. But despite that, the culprit was able to strut around the mansion freely.

Does this crime confirm that a 19th person exists? There's still that contradiction, since they're trying to tout their existence without ever showing themselves once.

Along with Kyrie-san's chessboard theory, I've been using this contradiction to deny the existence of a 19th person.

...By spinning the chessboard around once more, the very fact that this crime makes it perfectly obvious that a 19th person exists... means that the existence of the 19th person is even less plausible. As long as that 19th person doesn't show themselves in front of us...!

...If the culprit could get Grandfather out through the door sealed by the receipt, if they could kill Aunt Eva and Uncle Hideyoshi from the other side of a door sealed by a chain, ...then could they possibly go so far as to create a fictional 19th person through strange tricks and devices...?!?!

If we still want to believe that the culprit is among the 18, ...then the list of suspects has grown very short.

The four of us kids, Aunt Natsuhi, Genji-san, Kumasawa baa-chan, and Doctor Nanjo. ...One of these people has to be the culprit!

Wait, we can't be sure of that. ...Just a second ago, we started doubting whether the corpse here was actually Grandfather's, right?

Maybe we can think of the other bodies in the same way.

For example, the first six all had their faces horribly smashed.

...Some of the bodies had kept enough of their faces for us to confirm who they were, but that old bastard, for example... had lost his entire face, as though the whole thing had been neatly peeled off...

We only figured out which body was which by their clothes and surroundings...

Did the culprit prepare a fake body beforehand and alter it to make it look like they'd died, ...even though they were actually hiding somewhere after committing the crime...? ...It may sound ridiculous, but it wouldn't be an impossible trick to pull off.

...It's too early to give in to this 19th person... no, this witch...!

Natsuhi: "Maria-chan, you mustn't stare so fixedly anymore. Come on, Battler-kun too. I'm worried about Kanon's condition, and we mustn't remain in a place like this any longer than necessary. Let us return."

Maria: "...Uu-."

Maria didn't go out with everyone else, but remained in the boiler room. The thing she was staring so fixedly at probably wasn't Grandfather's body, but the `demon's icepick' sticking out of his forehead.

...It was probably the sort of item that an enthusiast couldn't bear to ignore.

I tapped her on the head.

Battler: "Hey, Maria. ...What's Beatrice after? Is it all of our lives...?"

Maria: "...Kihihihi. Beatrice will revive very soon. ...At that time, none shall be left alive. ...Kihihihi."

Battler: "How can you laugh at something like that? Do you think you're the only one who's safe? Why don't you feel like you're in danger? Why aren't you scared?!"

Maria: "...Beatrice made a promise. ...She said she's gonna take me to the Golden Land. ...It's a wonderful place where you have no obligations, everyone's always together, and everyone is always nice to everyone else."

Maria: "...I'm looking forward to it. That time will come, very soon now. ...Kihihihi..."

...Just what kind of person is Maria...? ...I only know what Maria was like six years ago, when she was three. She was once pure and obedient, ...a good kid.

This new Maria six years later and the Maria I knew...didn't seem to fit together.

...Just who is she, ...this `witch' who calls herself Maria...?

To Maria, who obstinately believes in the witch, ...this series of unsolvable crimes is proof that the witch actually exists.

Every time something occurs that would be difficult for a human, it becomes a little harder for the rest of us to not believe in Beatrice.

It must be an `intense pleasure' for Maria to see her relatives, who once firmly denied the witch's existence, start acknowledging that witch's existence one by one...

...Is that why she's in high spirits...?

Battler: "...Maria, let me ask this one more time. You'll probably answer the same anyway, but I'll ask just once more."

Maria: "Uu-...?"

Battler: "...Yesterday, you were given a letter in the rose garden. ...Who gave it to you...?!"

Maria: "Uu-. ...Like I said, Beatrice. Battler still doesn't believe. Uu-." Maria only repeated what she had already said.

...Maria met with the 19th person, the witch.

Was that really a 19th person, or did one of the 18 just get her to say that?

All that's certain...is that Maria has been with the rest of us constantly, has always had an alibi, and hasn't done anything suspicious.

...She's simply overjoyed at being made Beatrice's messenger...and certainly isn't the 19th person...

...Supposedly.

That's right, I wonder what's written in the letter we picked up in Aunt Eva and Uncle Hideyoshi's room... Aunt Natsuhi should still have it with her...

# Chapter 15
# label: *umi1_15
# Boiler room / later night. Eyecatch: October 5 (Sun) 22:00 → 23:30.

...In the end, Kanon-kun did not regain consciousness.

Even though Doctor Nanjo and the rest did all they could to heal him... ...Of course, there was very little that could be done on an island like this without medicine or proper facilities...

However, Kanon was the only human ever to confront the culprit. If only he could give us some kind of clue...

However, at the time they carried Kanon away, it was already... ...too late.

Nanjo: "...My sincere apologies. Without proper facilities, there was nothing I could do about such a serious wound..."

Natsuhi: "...No, that's perfectly understandable. Thank you so much for giving it your very best." Doctor Nanjo's shirt had been sprayed by a violent spurt of blood, so it was easy to imagine the devotion with which he had tried to save Kanon's life...up until the last second.

Jessica was crouched in the corridor, crying softly. ...She had probably been taking care of Kanon-kun until the moment of his death.

George-aniki tried to approach her with words of comfort, but when Jessica pushed him away, he stopped trying to force her to talk and left her alone.

Kumasawa: "...If only I hadn't let Kanon-san go alone, ...ooohhhh..."

Genji: "...Do not let that bother you. ...If you had been with him, you would probably have been attacked as well. ...He foolishly rushed on ahead and paid for his mistake."

Jessica: "How can you say it like that?! Kanon-kun spotted the culprit and bravely stood up to them!! If only Kumasawa-san had gone with him, the culprit might've hesitated and chosen to run away!!"

Emotion-filled words that I never thought I'd hear coming from Jessica's mouth tumbled out. ...Kumasawa, looking truly sorry, could do nothing but hang her head...

Battler: "Jessica..."

George: "...You shouldn't talk to her now. ...It's the same for me...and probably you as well, right, Battler-kun? We don't know what's going on, and it feels like our hearts are going to split open..." There were tears in George-aniki's eyes again. ...Seeing Jessica break down crying probably brought back the pain of losing his parents.

...I'd done my crying all at once. ...So I didn't feel like crying anymore.

...However, I understood how great the pain in their hearts was.

Maria: "...It's okay, Jessica. ...You'll be able to meet Kanon again soon."

Jessica: "...Stop it! I don't need you trying to console me like that...!"

Maria: "Beatrice will resurrect the dead and even love that has been lost. ...So you'll definitely be able to meet him soon. Then, everyone will be able to live in peace."

Jessica: "So the one who killed Kanon-kun...is this Beatrice who supposedly gave you that letter yesterday?! Where is she?! Where's she hiding?! I'll find her and tear her apart!!! Tell me!! You know who the culprit really is, don't you?!! What do you know and what are you hiding?!! Tell me, damn iiiiiiiiit!!!"

Genji: "...M-Milady, please stop...!"

Maria: "Uu-! Uu-! Beatrice exists! `Exists'!! Uu-uu-uu-!!"

Jessica: "Damn it, let go of me, Genji-san!! Maria knows who the culprit is!! And she's hiding their identity even though she knows! She must be telling them what we're doing, guiding them as they kill us!!"

Natsuhi: "Jessica, be silent!!"

Jessica grabbed at Maria... Genji tried to stop her, but Jessica could not be calmed. ...The next thing I heard was the sound of Aunt Natsuhi slapping Jessica's face.

After that, only Jessica's sorrowful sobbing voice resounded throughout the hall...

George: "...Maria-chan, ...I know there's no way you're the culprit. ...You've been with us since the beginning, and there was no time for you to communicate with any culprit. ...So, I want you to tell me something. ...This `Beatrice' who handed you the letter yesterday, ...who was she?"

...Although those words seemed kind, ...they clearly showed that George still had some remaining doubts about Maria.

...He didn't actually grab at her. However, he felt exactly the same way Jessica did.

Battler: "...Aniki, I already asked her the same thing a second ago. ...Her answer was the same as before."

George: "I want to hear it from Maria's mouth. ...Who is Beatrice?"

Maria: "... Even if I told you, you wouldn't...believe anyway."

George: "What do you mean by that?! ...Could it be the culprit's someone we know well... and you're keeping silent because you're covering for them for some reason?! Who gave you that letter?!"

Maria: "...I got it from Beatrice. I'll say it no matter how many times you ask. I got the letter from Beatrice. ...Kihihihi. George onii-chan, do you refuse to believe in Beatrice because she's not an opponent you can hit?"

Maria: "You want to turn your feelings of helplessness into violence and beat someone up. So you won't be satisfied unless your opponent is a Human you can hit. ...So even if I tell you the truth, you won't accept it. So it's pointless for me to tell you. You won't believe."

Maria: "...But I'll keep on saying it. Because it's true. ...Beatrice `exists'! Kihihihi...! The door to the Golden Land will soon be opened. I'll go there. Beatrice promised!"

Maria: "In that world, Mama is nice, Papa is with us and is also nice. I wanna go there right away. ...Everyone is afraid of Beatrice. But that's only natural. ...So calm yourselves. ...Beatrice said so herself. *By the time the typhoon has passed, I'll have ended everything, she said*. ...Ouch."

Battler: "...Maria, I don't mind you being talkative, but let's leave it at that for now. ...I'll bet this is all a pretty happy situation for you, since you're always going on about how witches exist, but keep that to yourself for now. Don't try to force that on other people."

Maria: "Uu-."

Jessica: "I-I know I've been creeped out by this girl for a while now, ...but there really is something wrong with her!! Don't you think so too, Battler, Genji-san?! Kumasawa-san?! What about you, Mom?!! Maria knows who the culprit is and she's hiding it! Okay, maybe she hasn't done anything directly! But she's definitely working with the criminal!! That's right, she's a spy! We can't let her stay with us any longer!!"

Maria: "...Kihihihi."

Natsuhi: "...Maria-chan, ...you must realize there are times when indiscreet discussion is best avoided. If you keep adding oil to the fire, even I will get very angry."

Maria: "..."

Aunt Natsuhi glared at Maria with frightening eyes.

...Maria was used to Aunt Rosa's loud style of scolding, but she apparently hadn't built up a resistance to Aunt Natsuhi's quiet sort of scolding. ...She shrugged and kept her mouth shut.

A desolate feeling filled the room... It felt as though things would just get more complicated if anyone spoke.

...How many people have already died?

Six people in Dad's group. After that, both Aunt Eva and Uncle Hideyoshi, Kanon-kun, Grandfather... ...There were a whole 18 people on this island, supposedly, ...and 10 of those people have been killed.

That's more than half of us. ...And right now, there's absolutely no proof that the remaining eight people will be safe...

Natsuhi: "...At any rate, this is no time to quarrel. ...Now that we are certain the culprit can enter and leave the mansion at will and strike out of nowhere, we must give our undivided attention to surviving until tomorrow."

Battler: "...I agree strongly with Aunt Natsuhi. ...We can figure out who the culprit is at our leisure tonight. For now though, we're better off finding a place to barricade ourselves in."

As I said this, I pointed out the clock to everyone.

It was already 8:00 at night. ...We had been receiving shocks over and over again since the early morning, and our bodies and minds were both completely tired out.

...There's still a long, long time until tomorrow. We needed to find some place to barricade ourselves in so we could rest our bodies and get even the smallest amount of relief...

Nanjo: "...I agree... Everyone is already pushing their mental and physical limits, myself included. I believe it would be wise to take that into account as we move forward..."

Battler: "That's right. ...There's a high probability that the enemy's got the equivalent of a master key."

George: "...Were Shannon, Kanon-kun and Gohda-san holding master keys?"

Genji: "...Yes. They were supposed to have them on their person during work."

Battler: "...We didn't want to disturb the scene, so we didn't investigate that closely. We can't eliminate the possibility that someone stole a key from them."

Natsuhi: "...In the first place, we know the culprit may have visited the servant room at some point to unlock the garden shed shutter. It's conceivable that they obtained a master key from there earlier on."

There were many servants serving the Ushiromiya family. Because of that, there were several master keys.

Furthermore, every time one employee started or finished working, the keys were passed between servants, and we had to acknowledge that this had probably gotten a bit sloppy at times in the past.

Battler: "Even if they borrowed a bundle of keys from the pockets of one of the murdered servants, is there any safe place that even those keys couldn't open...?"

Kumasawa: "...Because of the nature of our job, we have been entrusted with keys to all of the rooms... All of them in the mansion and in the guesthouse..."

Jessica: "So in other words, ...no matter where we hole up and lock ourselves in, it'd just be pointless. ...Fine, who cares about locking up?! If you're gonna come, bring it on, dammit! I'll beat you at your own game!!"

George: "...The enemy won't approach us from the front. I don't know about the first six, but if we look at what happened to my parents and Kanon-kun, ...and even Grandfather, the enemy has only gone after isolated people. They don't have the power to assault all of us openly in a secure room."

Battler: "That's right. It's just like Aniki says. ...And maybe Aunt Natsuhi's rifle can serve as a deterrent to stop them from attacking."

Natsuhi: "...I hope that is so, but..."

Maria: "..."

Battler: "Maria, I know you want to say something, but keep it to yourself and stay quiet for a while."

Maria: "...Uu-." Maria probably wanted to say something about how witches weren't afraid of things like guns.

But if she were to say it out loud, the atmosphere around here would start to get pretty edgy. I had noticed and decided to put a stop to it...

Genji: "...If I may, I do know of just one place that cannot be entered, even with the servant key rings."

Natsuhi: "Where is that?"

Genji: "...That would be the Master's study."

Jessica: "I-I'm against this!! I don't even wanna think about going in Grandfather's creepy room!"

George: "How many keys can gain access to that room?"

Genji: "...There are two. I always have one on my person. The other was held by the Master himself, but just now, I found this on the corpse in the boiler room..."

Genji-san took a handkerchief out of his pocket and opened it, showing us the burnt and filthy study key. Then, he showed it alongside his own key, which he had once lent to Natsuhi.

Genji: "...Normally, it would have been proper to leave the Master's key for the police, ...but because of the Master's orders to protect the safety of the study, I borrowed it for the time being."

Nanjo: "...I see... Which means that Kinzo-san's study is the only place where we can be safe..."

Natsuhi: "...It would appear that way. ...I don't even want to think about being shut up in that strange room all night, but it appears we must acknowledge that his room is safer than anywhere else right now."

Battler: "...Even though Grandfather locked himself up in that `safe' room, the culprit brought him out and killed him. ...We can't be certain that it's truly safe."

George: "According to your theory, Grandfather cleverly found a way around that receipt trick and left the room of his own free will. ...If so, the room might be a good place to barricade ourselves in after all..."

Battler: "...You're too optimistic, Aniki."

However, ...at the same time, I thought he brought up a pretty interesting point.

After all, this gives us a chance to question the enemy, the witch herself, about how the sealed door had been opened.

If we assume the culprit used some technique to kidnap Grandfather from his study... They'd have to show us the same trick again if they wanted to assault us in the study.

...And, that'd give us a chance to make the culprit prove how they did it right before our eyes.

If she's really a witch, we'll be forcing her to use her little magic trick to open the door right in front of us. ...But that's probably impossible.

If you spin the chessboard around, it's obvious the culprit is acting in a way that'll make us think they're a witch.

...If she really is a witch, all she's gotta do is appear in front of us and wow us with a colorful display of magic.

...Since she's avoided doing that, everything must be the work of a fake witch who wants us to think she's real.

...Therefore, *a culprit who used a technique other than magic to defeat the closed room couldn't open the door before our eyes*.

Battler: "...Is Grandfather's room big enough to stuff eight people in?"

Genji: "...Yes. There is a bed, a sofa and blankets, so while it is not luxurious, it will be more than suitable for spending the night. There is also a sink, a bathroom, a refrigerator and a liquor cabinet."

Battler: "Whoa. That's incredible. ...But isn't that weird? You're saying he built another house inside his house? That's pretty cramped for the last house of someone like our Grandfather, who bought a whole island and realized all of his dreams."

Natsuhi: "... That's right. ...After some point in time, Father probably couldn't feel at peace in any other place, even inside the mansion."

Jessica: "...We always sneered about how he shut himself up in there, and this time, we're the ones who are gonna shut ourselves up. ...Ha!" Jessica spat the words out.

George: "Jessica-chan, ...it sounds like you'd rather go search for the culprit than stay shut up somewhere."

Jessica: "...Of course, I don't think we'll be able to find them if we just start searching on our own. ...In the end, we can't do anything but wait. Th en it doesn't matter where we wait, does it?! I'm not gonna run away or hide. Why don't we just take it easy in the parlor, watching TV or something while we wait for this Beatrice-sama to appear?!"

Natsuhi: "...It's perfectly fine if she doesn't appear. There's no need for us to be the ones who expose the culprit."

Nanjo: "Well said... We shouldn't take needless risks before the police arrive."

Natsuhi: "Thank you, Doctor Nanjo. ...I think we should move to Father's study. ...True, we have no proof that it's safe, since Father was taken out of there. ...However, I can't deny the possibility that... as Battler-kun reasoned, Grandfather left the study of his own accord and was attacked outside."

...A while back, I proposed that strange theory as a stopgap measure. But just as Aunt Eva said, even though that trick would be possible, I couldn't explain what motive could've made Grandfather sneak out of his own study in such a troublesome way.

Plus, Grandfather couldn't even have used that trick unless he `knew that the receipt was wedged in the door'.

Aunt Eva hadn't pointed out that last part, ...but it's clear how absurd the theory was. So, does that mean the sealed door formed a closed room, just as Aunt Eva claimed? Is it an undeniable fact that Aunt Natsuhi was the culprit...?

...If Aunt Eva were here now, she'd probably make that claim openly and blow my strange theory away.

...But anyway. I had to admit that a room with both a bed and a toilet, that all eight people could be shut up in, ...and with only two keys, both of which were gathered here, ...had to be the safest place in the mansion right now...

At the very least, I figured this would be better than just staying shut up in the parlor and hoping nothing would go wrong.

But wait, ...have we been safe only because we've been shut up in the parlor? What if leaving that room and moving to an unexplored location is actually more dangerous...?

...Aah, it's useless, it's useless, it's all useless... ...My flimsy head is about to break out in a fever. ...If I keep spinning the chessboard around, right and wrong will keep switching places over and over, and I won't be able to believe anything...

When it seems like the culprit is one of the 18, I want to believe in Beatrice, and once I start believing in Beatrice, I start wanting to find the culprit amid the 18. ...If that keeps spinning around forever, in the end, my thoughts won't have taken one step from where they started...

...How far back in the past was it that Kyrie-san taught me about chessboard thinking...?

That concept of examining the situation by spinning it around and thinking from the enemy's side... I seem to remember being so interested by it back then, I used it to guide all my thinking.

...By the way, Kyrie-san was Dad's coworker back then. ...I never dreamed that she'd someday be added to our family...

...Didn't Kyrie-san... tell me something once?

I get the feeling she once said that, while this chessboard thinking was one way to look at things, it certainly wasn't all powerful, and it wouldn't be good to rely on it too much...

Kyrie: "Chessboard thinking... is my own interpretation of something called game theory, which I read about in a book long ago. It's a very interesting subject, so you should tackle it yourself when you get into college, Battler-kun."

Battler: "I really wanna try it! If I could study and perfect my chessboard thinking, it'd be fun to be able to read into any opponent's moves, wouldn't it?"

Kyrie: "But you can't believe in it blindly. Game theory is a very deep and complicated subject. Chessboard thinking is just my interpretation that skims the surface of game theory. ...In order to thoroughly read your opponent's moves like you're imagining, you need to study your opponent. Additionally, while chessboard theory is convenient and practical, it isn't perfect. It has many weak points despite its convenience."

Battler: "...Weak points?"

Kyrie: "Yes. ...Chessboard thinking is founded upon game theory. When you thoroughly investigate game theory, it boils down to math. Do you know what the weak point of math is? ...It's noise."

In math, when you write 1+1=2, that process will always result in 1+1=2 no matter how many billions of years pass, ...nothing more, nothing less.

That's because there's absolutely no noise mixed in.

But, for example, ...unlike math, the Japanese language has noise mixed in.

Kanji are a good example. Old kanji and new kanji are slightly different, which represents an introduction of noise created by the changes between time periods.

Isn't history the same? ...There are dozens of policies that seem foolish in the modern era, but were meaningful at some point in the past.

Because the rules of chess are fixed, when a pair of experts are discussing one particular layout, it's possible they could reach the same conclusions whether they're from one hundred years in the past or one hundred years in the future.

...However, if the rules of chess had gone through massive changes over time, it's possible that a discussion about the same layout would have changed as well.

Kyrie: "That's right. Events in the world of humans are normally full of noise. Aren't human emotions that way? Even if the exact same thing occurs more than once, there's no guarantee that humans will always act in a predictable fashion. ...The moment we try to use a math-based theory to predict someone's actions, we must be aware that our theory has built-in weaknesses and limits. ...Simply put, chessboard thinking is extremely weak against noise and fickleness, as well as mistakes or incorrect knowledge."

...That's right. ...Kyrie-san definitely said that...

Chess has always been a game where both sides play by the same rules and fight with the same conditions for victory. That's why it's possible for both sides to predict the other's moves.

...It's possible to read your opponent because you can always suppose they'll make the best moves they can find.

...But what if your opponent is fickle or a bit tired... and makes a move that can hardly be called `the best'?

Or, ...what if this game actually has a special rule, some unknown thing that only the enemy knows about and can use?

In fact, what if the opponent actually has some goal other than victory?

Think from your enemy's perspective. That's the basis of chessboard thinking.

...Which means, if you misread your enemy, ...the answer you draw from this process will be complete rubbish, useless...

So far, I've used chessboard theory to guess several vague bits of information about the culprit hiding behind this case, or so I think.

However, I don't know anything about the culprit. ...Am I just playing around in a labyrinth of thought?

...If Kyrie-san were here at a time like this, ...she'd probably be able to notice something with her much, much sharper thinking ability...

...Until the very last moment, Jessica resisted moving into Grandfather's study. But in the end, Aunt Natsuhi persisted, and we decided to move there.

Everyone was completely wrapped in paranoia by now.

...Kumasawa-san had prepared dinner at one point, but during the time we were discovering the deaths of George-aniki's parents, both the kitchen and the parlor had been left empty.

Someone suggested that the food might've been poisoned while we were gone. ...Because of that, we were unable to even touch the food that Kumasawa-san had taken the trouble to make for us.

...The manner in which the first six were killed was still unknown, but it certainly could've been poison.

...Certainly, that would allow even a single person to carry out the murder of six large adults.

...Furthermore, this idea made it easy to imagine there being only a single culprit, one who'd be afraid of Aunt Natsuhi's rifle, and this was very good for our emotional stability.

But the fatigue and hunger were even harsher than we'd imagined.

...Then, Kumasawa-san made a proposal, and we all went together to the kitchen. There, we gathered some canned food and other things that'd be hard to poison to take in with us.

All of Kumasawa-san's efforts to reward us with just a little dinner on this savage day regrettably came to nothing...

The food piled up on the serving cart looked just a little sad.

We all started climbing the stairs. Aunt Natsuhi, who was in the lead, warily stared into the darkness with both eyes and the barrel of the gun.

Once we'd dragged ourselves up to the third floor, just as Aunt Natsuhi had warned us of beforehand, ...there was a mixture of a chemical smell and a sickly-sweet aroma, a stench hanging in the air that felt like it was eating into our heads.

Battler: "...I see, this kind of stench probably would give you a headache if you were shut in with it for a whole night. ...I know it's a little late, but I'm with Jessica. I vote against going into Grandfather's study."

It felt like the stench was floating out from this magnificent door.

...It was the door to the forbidden study, which should defend against any who would enter...

While Genji-san unlocked the door, Maria stared at the door and the doorknob with great interest.

Maria: "...Uu-. ...Incredible door."

Battler: "It looks old and strict and like it'd stop any jokes cold. A perfect door for Grandfather's study."

Maria: "...The power to ward off spiritual menaces is strong here. ...Beatrice probably couldn't open this door."

Battler: "Oh...? What does that mean?"

Maria pointed at the doorknob.

...A scorpion crest... no, a design like a magic circle arranged around a scorpion, was inscribed there.

...That design... That's right. Isn't it just like those keychain charms Maria gave Jessica and me yesterday...?

Maria: "...The fifth magic circle of Mars is a strong ward against magic. Additionally, this magic circle was very diligently constructed, and is full of power. ...Such a magic circle can be quite troublesome to beings of magic like Beatrice."

Battler: "Isn't that comforting. Are you saying we can escape even Beatrice's clutches in this room? Our little witch here sure is reliable."

George: "...Then how did Beatrice get Grandfather out...?"

Maria: "...Just as Battler reasoned. ...Beatrice can't go inside. However, she has both magic and familiars. Using them, she might've been able to get Grandfather to leave the study of his own accord."

Battler: "Ah, I've read about that in manga. I've seen a bunch of scenes where vampires were frightened of crosses, so they couldn't get close, but their familiars were just fine, so they made their familiars attack."

Maria: "Those scorpion keychain charms I gave you yesterday also had the fifth magic circle of Mars on them. The power dwelling within them was weak, but they should be enough to protect you until we leave the island. ...Although it sounds like you've lost yours, right? Kihihihi..."

Natsuhi: "...Scorpion keychain charms?"

Jessica: "Y-Yeah, ummm... The charm I gave you yesterday was something I got from Maria. I heard it would repel magic if you put it on your doorknob, ...and at the time, I thought maybe it'd be better if you had it..."

Natsuhi: "...Is that so? ...I thought it was an odd thing for you to be carrying around."

Maria: "...Aunt Natsuhi put that... on her doorknob?"

Natsuhi: "Yes. ...Last night, after hearing about it from Jessica, I hung it from the doorknob on the inside of my door."

Maria: "Then Aunt Natsuhi, you're really fortunate. ...If you did that, Beatrice probably couldn't even lay a finger on you yesterday. ...I think Beatrice must've been really annoyed. ...Kihihihi..."

...Beatrice, annoyed...? Couldn't lay one finger...?

Natsuhi thought back on that eerie scribble she'd seen that morning, as though someone had been tearing at the outside of her door with blood-soaked hands, ...and gasped in surprise.

Could it be... ...that this witch who called herself Beatrice... ...tried to enter through the door to Natsuhi's own room...?

But the magic-repelling charm had been hanging from the inside. ...So she couldn't break through the door. So she was annoyed. ...So, she scratched at it...?

Jessica: "Quit it, don't talk about that... Witches don't exist. The culprit does. And they're a human just like us. ...If you need proof, why don't we dice her up and see if her blood's red? ...Damn it, ...damn it... ...How could you...do that to Kanon-kun..."

*click* Genji unlocked the door.

Eight people entered Kinzo's study...

Grandfather's study. ...I'd heard rumors about it beforehand, so I wasn't that shocked.

He had done nothing more than fortify it thoroughly with his occult hobbies.

...If Grandfather's hobby had been chasing after pop idols, these walls might be buried beneath idol posters.

Even if I didn't understand it, I did realize that this room was a bundle of all his pastimes.

Even so, I couldn't help but remain dumbfounded by the smell of his creepy medicine and the sweet stench that seemed to melt my head...

When the door was closed, it automatically made a *clunk*. ...I see, this is the auto-lock that's activated whenever the door is closed...

And there were only two keys that could open this door from the outside, both of which were in this room. ...In other words, it had become a `closed room'.

...The shutter, the receipt, the chain. ...And now, the auto-lock. ...This fourth door had the most magnificent lock yet, and this was doubtlessly a closed room.

Just to make absolutely sure that the room was secure, we checked all over for ways in or out.

The window was tightly locked. That should've been enough, but just in case, we tried knocking all over the walls.

...After all, we had talked about there being a hidden door in this room. ...But we couldn't find anything suspicious.

Grandfather's study was very large. Even though we called it a study, it wasn't really a single room.

It could be divided up into four basic sections: a study section, a bedroom section, a toilet bathroom section and a section for cooking that had a sink.

I see, this study really does have enough in it to live in. ...Now I see how Grandfather could live his whole life in this room without ever leaving.

It seemed Grandfather wasn't in the habit of watching TV, because there was no television or even a radio in this room. ...We can't do anything except pass the time listening to the sound of the rain...until tomorrow morning.

Doctor Nanjo looked closely at the chessboard that sat on the table in front of the sofa and muttered...

It was apparently the partly finished chess match he'd been playing with Grandfather until yesterday. ...The black had the white pretty well cornered, and it looked like checkmate would be reached within a few moves. The last part of the endgame.

Even though checkmate had almost been reached, ...the endgame had been rushed, ...and in the end, was never completed.

Nanjo: "...Kinzo-san, ...it seems... ...we weren't able to see this match through after all..."

Genji: "...Doctor Nanjo..."

Nanjo: "...I was Kinzo-san's friend for a long time, ...but I never knew about more than half of him. ...I believe two Kinzos existed, a wise one...and one trapped by some madness... ...I never understood anything about him..."

Kumasawa: "...Especially when it came to Beatrice-sama, it would seem like his personality changed..."

In the direction of Kumasawa-san's upward gaze, a portrait of Beatrice could be seen. It wasn't massive like the one hanging in the entrance hall, but small, made for this room.

Grandfather probably spent every day in this room, and so much of his time, ...talking to the witch in that portrait.

...Who was Beatrice to Grandfather in the first place? ...Right now, you couldn't just explain it away by saying it was a story made by the parents to frighten children away from wandering into the forest...

While eating the canned food we'd brought from the kitchen, we talked together about who Beatrice was.

...Whether the culprit was Beatrice herself or someone pretending to be her, whether they were a witch or a human, that was besides the point. The woman in this portrait was strongly related to the roots and background of this case.

...You couldn't talk about this case without talking about her.

Jessica: "...That's right. ...Mom, you picked up the culprit's letter in Aunt Eva's room, right?"

Natsuhi: "Yes... I still haven't opened it... ...Let's give it a try."

...Aunt Natsuhi took out that Western envelope.

Genji-san pulled a paper knife out of a drawer in the study desk and handed it to her.

While watching her open it, George-aniki grimaced slightly. ...After all, it was a letter left at the site where his parents had been murdered. ...There was a good chance its contents would say something unbearable to Aniki...

Aunt Natsuhi also seemed to realize that. ...So she glanced over the contents first without reading it aloud.

We were a little frightened that she might grimace after reading something shocking, but she just frowned unhappily.

Nanjo: "...What does...it say...?"

Natsuhi: "...There is one unpleasant sentence. ...It must be trying to provoke us."

Natsuhi, after deciding that the contents could be shown to the children, set it openly on the table. Everyone stared at it at the same time.

Jessica: "`Praise my name'. ...What the hell? ...That's annoying."

George: "...It's probably Beatrice declaring herself the victor. ...Damn it..."

Maria: "..."

Battler: "I'll bet you were hoping another weird magic circle would show up."

Maria: "...It wasn't a magic circle, ...but my expectations haven't been betrayed. ...Kihihi."

Nanjo: "What could it mean...? I wonder if she wants to tout her own existence..."

Natsuhi: "That seems reasonable. ...With this letter, we now know that the author of last night's letter is the culprit. ...I think the identical envelope is more significant than what is written here."

Genji: "...Without a doubt, this is the type of envelope and sealing wax that the Master used."

Kumasawa: "...Ooooohh... I don't know what's going on anymore... This is the first time I've seen anything like this since I started working for the Ushiromiya family..."

Battler: "Going by last night's letter, ...Beatrice is claiming to be Grandfather's oldest confidante. ...Grandfather often said the same thing in the past, right?" I spoke to Genji-san and Kumasawa-san, who nodded together.

Battler: "...Guess that means you two know more about her than anyone except Grandfather. ...Could you tell us?"

Natsuhi: "...For a long time, I've purposefully avoided this topic. But now that it has come to this, I can no longer do so. ...Genji, tell us everything you know."

Genji: "..."

Genji-san didn't answer. ...Did he remain silent despite his knowledge, or did he know nothing at all?

...Still, I had a good guess. ...The ghost story of the witch Beatrice had long been deified among the servants. ...He had probably been very close to Grandfather and his occult hobbies. So there was a good chance that he'd been indoctrinated with even weirder things, and had increasingly come to deify the witch.

As Grandfather's most trusted servant, who had sworn loyalty to him, he might be the most influenced by the illusion of the witch that Grandfather had created...

So there was only one reason for Genji-san to remain silent.

...He could speak, but it would definitely cause a backlash, so it was better if he kept his mouth shut, ...and it wasn't like we'd believe him anyway. Something along those lines.

...A short while ago, Maria had been more than willing to speak bluntly and unrestrainedly, and that had earned her a scuffle with Jessica.

It was natural for Genji-san to keep his silence...

Natsuhi: "...Was she... father's... concubine?"

His concubine... ...That could be possible.

For ordinary poor people, polygamy isn't only viewed negatively from a moral perspective. It's also an unmaintainable financial situation.

...But that isn't the case for the very rich.

It's possible for them to have another lover in addition to their real wife. ...We can't deny the possibility that Grandfather had another woman in his life besides Grandmother.

Jessica: "Maybe... When Grandmother was alive, I hear she was pretty sure of it. She thought he was cheating on her. ...I always thought she meant Grandfather's imaginary witch..."

Battler: "...Now this is getting really interesting. ...You told me, didn't you Genji-san? You said Beatrice has been working for Grandfather since before the mansion was finished."

Natsuhi: "I heard that the construction of the mansion was completed in Showa 27 (1952)."

George: "That'd mean this person called Beatrice was in a relationship with Grandfather since at least 30 years ago..."

Battler: "Could that concubine of 30 years ago...or maybe a relative or hidden child with that person...hold some kind of grudge and be planning revenge? ...Ihihi, I see, this is starting to sound just like your standard Western mansion mystery."

Natsuhi: "...It's a filthy topic, but the easiest line of reasoning to accept. ...What do you think, Genji?"

Genji: "... ...The Master surely had feelings of deep love for her. There can be no mistake that he cared for her more than his late wife."

Jessica: "...Who is this person called Beatrice?! And what's she doing now?!"

Genji: "... ...I have heard that she passed away before the mansion was completed."

Battler: "She's already dead...?"

Genji: "...Yes. ...The Master was deeply stricken by grief at her loss, ...and he devoted himself to the art of black magic as a means to revive her. ...The Master loved Beatrice-sama from the bottom of his heart. ...It was that madness which drove him to do all that you see here." As Genji-san said this, he spread his arms, as though asking us to look at this room, filled with the signs of Grandfather's madness.

...We were all at a loss for words.

Normally, black magic seems like it'd just be creepy, and it's really hard to imagine why someone might be so enraptured by it. ...Since Kinzo was just an `eccentric' who had restored the Ushiromiya family amidst his madness, nobody had tried to understand him...

The only thing on Grandfather's mind had been the loss of a beloved woman... ...and his inescapable sorrow.

...Earlier, this room had seemed creepy, ...but in an instant, it had changed into something we could understand completely.

The creepy books, the magic circles, the medicine, ...all of it.

...It all existed simply because he wanted to revive the face of a single woman who had left this world over 30 years ago...

Kumasawa: "...The Master only told me about Beatrice-sama's story once, when he was very drunk. ...Although I have forgotten the details. ...It was... a deep, deep love, enough to make a woman like me jealous."

Nanjo: "...When Kinzo-san succeeded the Headship of the Ushiromiya family, ...his marriage to his late wife had already been decided by the few surviving family elders."

George: "...So, ...he was forced into a marriage with some woman who would benefit the Ushiromiya family?"

Nanjo: "...That is correct. ...Kinzo-san was installed as the Head who would revive the family, and had to bear the entirety of that heavy responsibility. ...I do not pretend to know the details of when or where Kinzo-san first met her."

Battler: "...Guess it'd be rude to say any more than that."

That was when Grandfather truly fell in love for the first time...

Just how deep was his affection for her? ...That was easy to see just by looking around us.

...This room was covered with piles upon piles of things having to do with black magic. And Grandfather spent every day shut in here, immersed in his research and isolated from the outside world, never regretting one minute of it.

...You couldn't help but recognize the depths of Grandfather's love for Beatrice...

Jessica: "... ...I...had it all wrong, Genji-san."

Genji: "...What...do you mean by that?"

Jessica: "...I-I've always thought that...maybe you servants believed blindly in the witch because you were influenced by Grandfather's creepy black magic hobby. ...But that's not how it was, right...?"

By acting as though Beatrice's soul at least had been restored... and existed inside this mansion, ...they might have hoped to soothe Grandfather's heart...

With closed eyes and the expression of one remembering something from the distant past, ...Genji had broken his long silence.

...In making that confession, he probably felt like he was betraying his one and only Master in the most serious way, even though that person was already dead.

...Beatrice has revived as a witch, and she is in the mansion even now.

...Genji had said it, had believed it, ...had made people believe it, ...and would take that with him to the grave.

This might have been the last service he could offer up to his Master.

The legend of the witch, the mysterious tale of Rokkenjima that was still whispered of amongst the servants...

...Its true nature was... a sad lie. ...No, it was an act of kindness towards Grandfather, who had lost the person he loved above all else.

Natsuhi: "... ...I remember denying the witch's existence in front of Father on multiple occasions. ...Now I finally understand how much that must have wounded him..."

George: "...Right now, I can understand very well. ...If I thought I could revive Shannon using black magic, ...I'd immediately become the next owner of this room and start researching..."

Battler: "...Aniki."

Another strand of tears dripped from George's eyes. ...Maybe his tears were infectious. Tears rose to Jessica's eyes too, and she sniffled...

Maria: "...Beatrice has said it. ...Very soon, she will be able to revive people. You'll be able to meet them, she said."

--Very soon, the door to the Golden Land will be opened.

In the promised land that glitters gold, the souls of all the dead will be resurrected, along with the love that has been lost.

...Then I will sleep in a world of peacefulness for all time.

Battler: "...Did she say that? The Beatrice who gave you the letter?"

Maria: "...You don't believe, do you? ...Kihihihi."

Battler: "...If only Grandfather were here, I'm sure he'd be happy. I'm sure he'd be jumping for joy now that Beatrice is about to be revived... ...In that case, I believe. ...If Grandfather gave up half of his life for this research, trying to resurrect the soul of the woman he loved and spending the rest of his life believing, ...I'll believe too."

Maria: "...Battler..."

George: "...When you love a single woman for so long, ...the people around you catch on to it, and it becomes the truth. ...Maybe you could say they're just being polite for the sake of your feelings. ...But right here, now, ...I'd like to call that magic."

Maria: "...It isn't just being polite. ...It really is...magic. ...She's a witch. ...Kihihihi. It looks like nobody can see Beatrice after all..."

Some time passed. As we listened to the sound of the rain, ...we considered what kind of love and madness must have possessed the owner of this room as he spent half of his life here...

Natsuhi: "...If you ask me as a woman, then while I'd like to be understanding of Father's feelings of true love, ...it did leave Mother in an awkward position."

Jessica: "Haha, I agree. Cheating is cheating. No way to make it pretty..."

Battler: "...Yeah, that's right. Gotta feel sorry for Grandmother."

George: "So, ...have there been any rumors about a child between Beatrice and Grandfather...?"

The keyword `Beatrice' has been hidden in every corner of this case. So it's natural to suspect some relative of hers.

Genji: "No. ...I have not heard of anything like that."

George: "...If there was one, a memento of his most beloved person, he surely would have given them all of his affection. ...Since he ended up immersing himself in black magic instead, maybe we should assume that there was no such child."

Jessica: "...Come to think of it, that reminds me of a rumor I heard. ...You know it, right? That story about how Grandfather heavily supported an orphanage called the Fukuin House?"

Natsuhi: "...Enough of that. That is nothing more than slander which would desecrate Father."

Battler: "Tell us, Aunt Natsuhi. ...I think even you'd agree that this is no time to hide things from each other."

Natsuhi: "...It's a worthless story. Father made massive donations to an orphanage and had the orphans employed as servants at the Head Family, to give them some on-the-job experience. The story in question is simply some drivel spread by fools...who claim that Father was using those orphans for some filthy hobby."

Jessica: "For a while, some guys even said he was collecting human sacrifices for his black magic... And he really is doing weird experiments and ceremonies in this room all the time, so I half believed it myself..."

Battler: "...And these servants who came from the Fukuin House are?"

Genji: "...There are several of them, but Shannon and Kanon were the two scheduled during the family conference shift."

To resurrect Beatrice, ...he brought in servants from an orphanage as human sacrifices...?

Jessica: "After all, everyone Grandfather selected as a servant was young, about the same age as Shannon or Kanon-kun. ...I was sure it was because Grandfather had some bizarre hobby."

Natsuhi: "Jessica! Mind your words."

When Aunt Natsuhi scolded her, the atmosphere instantly went sour and everyone fell quiet.

...However, something was tugging at the back of my mind.

Sacrifices... Sacrifices... ...Human sacrifices brought over from an orphanage...

...What is it? Freaky words like `sacrifices' don't pop up often.

...And yet, I've seen or heard that word recently. ...Some part of my memory is tugging at me.

...Hey, Beatrice. What do you know...?

I had arrived in front of the portrait of Beatrice.

It wasn't as massive as the one in the entrance hall, but that portrait, which must have been drawn by some famous painter, was still just as intimidating in this smaller size.

...Below it, just like in the entrance hall, was the epitaph that supposedly hinted at the location of the hidden gold...

Battler: "...Ah, ...! Sacrifices, ...here."

Jessica: "Wh-What the hell, Battler? You're creeping me out..."

Battler: "...Six... sacrifices. ...Ah, ...aaaaaaaaaaaaaahh!!!"

Both of my eyes were as wide as plates... ...Everything's been predicted right there from the very beginning...!

Everyone crowded around. And the same expression of shock rose to all of our faces...!

That's right. It's right there in the epitaph.

`On the first twilight, offer the six chosen by the key as sacrifices.'

Battler: "Ah, ...aaahh, there's no doubt. Six people died in the beginning! And even on the shutter where the magic circle was drawn...no, where the Hebrew was written, it mentioned the offering of sacrifices...!!"

Maria: "...Uu-. ...I've been saying that from the beginning."

That's right, Maria said it right at the start! Right after we found the six bodies, when Maria was in the parlor watching TV, she said it!

`...Uu-. The culprit isn't human.'

`*It's just the sacrifices chosen by the key.*'

Battler: "This has nothing to do with the location of the hidden gold!! It's the instructions for a resurrection ceremony using black magic or something! After all, this epitaph requires a large number of `deaths'!"

Jessica: "...I-It sure does. Even reading through it quickly, there'd be 6+2+5, ...13 people who must die...!"

George: "...How many people are normally on this island?!"

Natsuhi: "...I-It changes depending on the shifts for the servants, but there's Father, my husband, Jessica, and me. And two or three servants. ...Today and yesterday, there were five of them, but there aren't normally that many."

Battler: "Which means that normally, ...there wouldn't be enough sacrifices to carry out this `ceremony'. ...No, wait. ...There's that rumor that Grandfather was collecting servants from an orphanage to be used as sacrifices in some creepy ceremony..."

Jessica: "So what does this mean?! He increased the number of servants to increase the number of sacrifices...and waited for the annual family conference when even more people would gather...? ...Isn't now the only time of the year this ceremony could be held?!" When Jessica screamed this, Maria broke out in that creepy laugh, looking truly pleased.

Maria: "...Kihihihi. ...Haven't you ever heard of people making bets to test their fate?"

Like throwing a sandal and saying that if it lands right side up, tomorrow will be sunny. ...Or saying that tomorrow will be a good day if a coin lands heads up.

...There are many little superstitions like that.

Sometimes, when your luck is down and you get bored, and you roll the dice and get three sixes, you want to believe it's a portent of some miracle.

...When flipping a sandal, you have at worst a 50% chance. Even if you get it right side up, it's not worth much.

...But if you carelessly roll three dice and they all come up six, you might think that's a small miracle.

Maria: "...Magic works the same way. ...You must pray earnestly for an extremely unlikely result. ...Then, the feelings from all those stored up prayers gain magical power and become incarnate. ...The magic that Grandfather was trying to perform was probably like that. The key randomly selected sacrifices in a lottery. So, to reduce the chance that he himself was selected, he chose the day with the greatest number of people on the island to carry out the ceremony..."

Natsuhi: "Ridiculous!! Are you saying that this entire situation was caused by a mere ceremony for some bizarre magic?!"

Natsuhi yelled.

...She couldn't quell the fear that a scorpion charm might be the only reason she was still safe.

...If I hadn't received that charm from Jessica and hung it from my doorknob, ...would I have been killed, mixed in along with those six?!

And the strangest part is...even though I hung the charm from the inside of my door, they couldn't get through that door.

...The culprit noticed the charm from outside the door and gave up trying to open it.

...A human couldn't have perceived that. A charm meant to stop something that was not human...had done exactly that...!! Impossible, impossible, impossible!!!

Nanjo: "But Natsuhi-san, the epitaph certainly does continue to fit even after that..."

Kumasawa: "O-On the second twilight, those who remain shall tear apart the two who are close... ...Could this be talking about Eva-sama and Hideyoshi-sama...?"

George: "...P-Painful as it may be, ...we must reach that conclusion. ...And after the culprit killed them, they left the words from `the third twilight' in a letter there."

Battler: "Th-That's right... After carrying out the second twilight, they left the third twilight in that place. ...The third twilight was...just like Aunt Natsuhi just read...!!"

`On the third twilight, those who remain shall praise my noble name.'

Aaaaaaaaaahhh, ...if you read it this way, it just keeps going on, doesn't it?

`On the fourth twilight, gouge the head and kill.'

Gouge the head and kill. ...George-aniki's parents were killed with those `demon's icepicks' gouged into their heads.

...But if they were the second twilight, ...someone else must've been gouged in the head...

Battler: "...That's Grandfather... He was burned in the incinerator, and our eyes were so drawn to that part that we didn't notice, ...but his forehead... no, his head had been gouged."

Jessica: "Grandfather was...the victim of the fourth twilight? Th-Then, Kanon-kun was...!"

George: "...`On the fifth twilight, gouge the chest and kill'. ...We thought Kanon-kun's case was an unexpected encounter with the culprit, ...but that's wrong. From the very beginning, they planned to lure someone out alone and drive something through their chest..."

Natsuhi: "...If the culprit has followed the epitaph this far, ...does that mean three people still have to die...?!"

`On the sixth twilight, gouge the stomach and kill.' `On the seventh twilight, gouge the knee and kill.' `On the eighth twilight, gouge the leg and kill.'

Kumasawa: "...Y-Yes, ...you could read it that way... ...eeeeepp..."

Battler: "Well, I wonder about that... ...After those three die, it reaches the ninth twilight. Take a look..."

`On the ninth twilight, the witch shall revive, and none shall be left alive.'

Jessica: "We're...all gonna be killed by Beatrice..."

Battler: "...I don't get it. Wouldn't that mean everyone dies no matter how many people there are? ...What was Grandfather after? Doesn't this mean the ceremony would kill him too, no matter what...?!"

Maria: "...It's okay if no one's left alive. ...On the tenth twilight, we finally arrive at the Golden Land."

`On the tenth twilight, at journey's end, you shall attain to the power of the Golden Land's treasures, once and for the last time.' `The witch shall praise the wise and bestow four treasures.'

Maria: "...Grandfather wasn't afraid of dying. ...Look at the second and third of the four treasures."

George: "...`One shall be the resurrection of all the dead souls. One shall be the resurrection of the love that was lost'. ...So Grandfather believed he would eventually be revived, even if he died partway through this ceremony...?"

Jessica: "Ridiculous! That's insane!! When you die, it's over, right?! The dead don't come back to life. Isn't that a miracle humanity's been chasing after for thousands of years and still hasn't accomplished?! So is this what it means? Something like, you'll be able to meet them in the afterlife, where they'll be restored?!"

Battler: "...If what you're saying now is right, ...would that mean that... Grandfather, whose remaining life is slim and who's been driven mad by love, is committing suicide... no, ...a massive forced group suicide...?!"

Genji: "..."

Natsuhi: "...Genji, ...is such a thing possible...?!"

Genji: "...I don't know. ...The Master is a man who sometimes has the wisdom to see a thousand years into the future. However, there are times when that appears to be nothing more than madness to commoners such as myself..."

Jessica: "Okay, should we take that for a `yes'?! What do you say, Kumasawa-san?!"

Kumasawa: "I-I don't know anything...! That's right, I don't know... Do you think I would be on this island today if I did know? I would have faked an illness or done anything to take the day off, that's right!!"

George: "What about your opinion, Doctor Nanjo? You've been Grandfather's friend for many years..."

Nanjo: "...I-I feel the same as Genji-san. ...Kinzo-san was a man who far surpassed ordinary people. I've even felt a sort of inhuman power from him at times. ...Even I...don't know what Kinzo-san was thinking when he wrote that epitaph...!"

Natsuhi: "...All we can say...is that even if Father did write this script, someone else is carrying it out."

Battler: "That's right. ...At the very least, there's another culprit who attacked Grandfather and Kanon-kun. Furthermore, that person is still continuing the crimes just as the epitaph says...!"

George: "...The letter in the beginning that we didn't think deeply about... What was it that was written there?"

We thought back to the recitation of the letter last night...

Beatrice had proclaimed something inside it. She had proclaimed that, according to her contract with Kinzo, she would collect everything of the Ushiromiya family as interest.

But then she had also revealed a special clause.

If someone discovered the location of the gold Grandfather had hidden, that right would be lost.

When the letter was read, Grandfather was still alive. ...But at that time, it had already been sealed with wax by the Head's Ring.

...Which meant Grandfather had handed the ring over to Beatrice while he was still alive.

...If we take a straightforward approach, maybe we should assume Beatrice is carrying out that strange contract, with Grandfather guaranteeing her that right.

...In other words, this was the same as saying Grandfather knew of and approved of the contents of that letter.

In other words, it's basically a joint message from Beatrice and Grandfather... telling us that Beatrice will start collecting interest if we don't solve the riddle.

...In other words, Grandfather and Beatrice were demanding that we try and solve the riddle of the epitaph. And if we couldn't, they were saying that the massacre would be carried out according to the epitaph.

What does that mean? What do they want?! I don't have a clue what it means!

Maria: "... ...Look, another letter from Beatrice."

Battler: "...Huh? What did you say?"

Maria was pointing at the top of the table, where the canned food everyone had been eating just now still lay.

A Western envelope from Beatrice certainly was sitting there, ...but so what...?

Natsuhi: "...What in the?!"

Aunt Natsuhi let out a hysterical cry, looking between her own hand and the table.

...Because the envelope she had just opened was still grasped in her hand.

...So why is there still an envelope on the table...?!

Jessica: "...Wh-What the hell?!?! What's going on, Maria?!! Where did that envelope come from?!"

Maria: "...Just now, I looked and it was lying there. Uu-."

Kumasawa: "...I-I don't know anything, anything!!"

Battler: "This isn't funny, there's only the eight of us here!! There's no way some ninth person snuck in!! There wasn't enough time during the few seconds that we gathered around the portrait, right?!"

Natsuhi: "Get back, all of you!!! Back against the wall!!" Aunt Natsuhi was pointing the rifle at Genji and the others, bellowing at them...!

Genji-san was overpowered, his face looking like he didn't have a clue what was going on... Of course, I felt the same, ...but a few moments late, I reached the same conclusion Aunt Natsuhi had.

Until just a few seconds ago, there had been no letter like this on the table...! And nobody entered this room! That means someone among us placed it there during the few seconds when everyone was looking away, preoccupied with the portrait...!!

Natsuhi: "Battler-kun, open that envelope and read what's inside!"

Battler: "S-Sure!!"

I picked it up. ...It was still sealed with wax. Even without disturbing its contents, I realized that this was an as-yet unopened envelope, an unknown envelope!

Without relying on a paper knife, I tore it open and pulled out the letter inside.

The contents were as follows.

Beatrice: `Are you enjoying the riddle of Kinzo-sama's epitaph? As you are all probably aware, you have very little time remaining. Please abandon any naive hopes of escaping after the storm passes. This game can only end with my victory or yours. When time runs out, I will win by default. There will be no ties. Make sure that you do not misunderstand your current situation.'

Battler: "That's what it says..."

Natsuhi: "...It isn't clear who put this letter there. However, I have been able to narrow down the list of suspects. It's you all!!"

Kumasawa: "...M-Madam... That's just...too horrible..."

Natsuhi: "Just before I moved towards the portrait, I set a can of food down here. At that time, there definitely wasn't anything as strange as this letter there!!"

Natsuhi: "And at that time, Jessica, George-kun and Battler-kun were already in front of the portrait!! And they didn't leave the spot in front of the portrait until the letter appeared! So the person who set that letter down is one of you four!!! Beatrice is here!!!"

Maria: "...Uu-. We aren't Beatrice. ...Beatrice `exists'!"

Natsuhi: "Silence!!! I don't know whether I should suspect one of you or all of you. ...But without a doubt, at least one among you is the culprit!!!"

Jessica: "...Th-That's right. There can't be a 19th person...! There's no way witches exist!! Even when Kanon-kun was killed, ...yeah, that could be explained if Kumasawa-san was the one who did it!! The truth is that Kumasawa-san entered the boiler room with Kanon-kun and killed him! And then she lied, saying he had already fallen when she got there!!"

Kumasawa: "Y-You're making a mistake, Milady...!! Why would I do something like that...?!!"

George: "...I don't have the slightest idea how my parents were killed in that closed room. But when they were killed, everyone except for the servants had an alibi. ...The only ones who didn't were the servants... But...does that really mean it's okay to suspect them...?!"

Battler: "...Y-Yes, ...now that you mention it, they have no alibi for any of the cases... ...Nng!!"

Should we really be so quick to make that judgment?! But this time...in this room, in this place, in this moment...in this minimally small bit of time and space, it's obvious.

Only one of the four of them could have set the letter there in our blind spot...!! We can't tell who put it there, but it's obvious that one of the four did it...!!

Nanjo: "...N-Natsuhi-san, please, calm yourself... A lot has happened today! I understand how much strain is on your mind right now...!"

Natsuhi: "Doctor Nanjo, it truly pains me to call you suspicious...! However, you are Father's personal doctor and his closest friend! You have been by his side for many years, and you might even know about Beatrice. Could you be hiding some kind of old obligation?!"

Nanjo: "Of course not...!! Calm yourself...!"

It was pitiful to watch Doctor Nanjo frantically pleading his innocence. It was probably a normal reaction that anyone would give if they were suspected.

Kumasawa was the same. Ever since Jessica voiced her suspicions of Kumasawa murdering Kanon, Kumasawa had been totally flustered.

That was why Genji's still calm appearance looked so bold. Aunt Natsuhi pointed the barrel of the gun.

Natsuhi: "...Genji, you were Grandfather's number one subordinate. ...Was Beatrice an illusion you showed to Father, with you as the performer?!"

Genji: "...If by suspecting me, you recognize me as the Master's greatest servant, ...then I count it a great honor, regardless of the circumstances. ...However, I am not the one who put the letter there."

Natsuhi: "Do you expect us to just accept that?!! You must be the ringleader! Maybe Kumasawa and Doctor Nanjo are your accomplices!! ...And Maria-chan too."

Not content to suspect just the adults, Aunt Natsuhi pointed the gun relentlessly at Maria too. But Maria acted as though nothing had happened.

...Or maybe she thought she would be fine even if she was shot.

Natsuhi: "Maria-chan, ...by this point, we can no longer remove someone from suspicion just because they're young. So for the last time, let me ask the question that everyone's had since last night! ...Yesterday, who was the Beatrice who handed you that letter?!!"

Maria: "...Uu-."

Jessica: "...Maria, don't dodge the question!! Make it clear! Who gave you that letter?!!"

Maria: "...Kihihihi. How many times do I have to tell you? It's Beatrice. The thousand-year-old Golden Witch. ...If you want to know what she looks like, just turn around. ...See, she's right there. Beatrice is. ...Kihihihi!"

Jessica: "D-Don't mess with us, Mariaaaaaaaaa!!!"

Battler: "Enough, Jessica! Maria, too. Don't you understand the situation?! What are you hoping to gain by saying stuff like that?! Stop stirring each other up pointlessly!"

Maria: "...I don't understand. ...Who do you all want the culprit to be? You only believe in Beatrice when you don't want to suspect one of your own. When you're trying to settle a grudge because someone who's close to you has been killed, only then do you want to believe in a Human you can attack with violence, and deny Beatrice."

Maria: "...That's why you can't `see' her. ...Beatrice `exists'. You all can't see her!"

Natsuhi: "Silence!!! I don't want to label you as the culprit, but there is no longer any doubt that you enjoy making this situation unpleasant and are providing assistance to the enemy!!"

Maria: "...Kihihihi. ...Then what will you do? Shoot me? I don't mind. Very soon, the door to the Golden Land will be opened. Then all the dead will be resurrected. ...Right now, death is nothing to be afraid of. ...Kihihihi!"

Jessica: "M-Mom, she really is suspicious!! We can't keep her with us!!"

George: "But Aunt Natsuhi, please, calm down...! There's no reason to shoot Maria! Please remain composed...! The letter was meant to provoke us, but it's nothing to be afraid of! Even the culprit is scared of what will happen tomorrow. They're scared of the police! Right now, this island is free from the reach of the law, but that's only because it's isolated by this typhoon! Once the typhoon passes, the law will return! So you mustn't shoot...!!"

Jessica: "...How can you stay so calm, George nii-san?!! One of these four is the culprit! No, maybe all four of them are working together! How can you stay so calm when one of these four might be the culprit who killed your parents?!!"

George: "Even I have the desire to find the culprit and kill them...! But that would be simple barbarism. I will leave the judgement of crimes to the law! So no matter how suspicious they are, you mustn't pull that trigger!!"

Battler: "I-I feel the same as George-aniki... Aunt Natsuhi, get ahold of yourself for a second... Anyway, it'd be bad to shoot, ihihi...! In times like this, I hear you should tilt your head back and say `Stay cool' three times..."

Natsuhi: "...Let me make this clear. Witches don't exist! Not on Rokkenjima, not in the Ushiromiya mansion!"

Natsuhi: "I declare it as Ushiromiya Natsuhi, representative of the Ushiromiya family!! There's no witch here! I won't accept Beatrice!! No matter what you're planning, I won't let you lay one finger on my daughter or the rest of them!!! That's my duty as a mother and as representative to the family!!"

Those words...were the final words of farewell...that settled everything.

...To protect her daughter, Aunt Natsuhi would regard any suspicious person as an enemy.

...The only reason George-aniki and I were standing on this side was because, by coincidence, we had a clear alibi regarding the letter.

If I hadn't approached the portrait, ...I would also be at the other end of that gun barrel, treated like a criminal...

...But even though part of me thought that, ...part of me was thinking that chasing all the suspicious people from this room would finally guarantee our safety...

Genji-san and Kumasawa-san and Doctor Nanjo... All of them were on Grandfather's side. Maybe you could say that once Maria started blindly believing in Beatrice, she was also on Grandfather's side. ...That's right, they're all suspicious.

But is this really okay...?! If we throw out all of the suspicious ones in such a lawless way, will we still have the right to defy the lawlessness of the witch...?!

Aunt Natsuhi didn't tell them to leave with her own words. ...But with wordless pressure, she induced them to say that themselves.

...Because if Doctor Nanjo didn't say those words, this cold silence would surely continue forever.

Nanjo: "...Calm yourself, Natsuhi-san. ...Still, I understand your feelings well. I myself feel like there's something wrong with my head after all of these strange, repeated incidents... So I understand well why you want to suspect us..."

Natsuhi: "...If you really have nothing to do with this, ...then my actions now would be beyond rude. ...However, ...please understand, just this once."

Nanjo: "...Very well. ...Let's leave the room. ...What do you say, Genji-san? ...Shall we return to the parlor and continue our chess game?"

Genji: "...If that is what you wish, ...by all means."

Kumasawa: "...I-I don't want to...! After all, that means we'll have to leave this room knowing that the wolf is among us, right...?! I don't want to, Madam, please forgive me. Eeeeeeeeekk...!"

It was obvious what Kumasawa-san was trying to say. If she was innocent, then she was being ejected into dangerous territory along with the culprit.

...In the current situation, urging her to leave this room along with the suspects was almost exactly the same as letting her get killed...

However, Kumasawa-san really was suspicious just for being the first one to discover that Kanon-kun had been murdered. ...At that time, everyone except Kumasawa-san had an alibi.

...Unless we could prove the existence of some contraption...or the existence of some 19th person, Kumasawa-san was by far the most likely suspect.

I didn't want to believe it. However, Aunt Natsuhi and the rest of us were in such a difficult situation that we couldn't help suspecting her as well...

So we didn't say anything to stop Aunt Natsuhi from trying to oppressively chase them from the room. ...We had stopped her from shooting, but we were passively agreeing to chase the others out of the room...!

On top of that, Maria spoke to the fretful Kumasawa-san.

Maria: "...It's okay. ...Beatrice is kind to those who respect her. ...You believe that Beatrice `exists'. ...So it'll definitely be okay. ...I'll watch TV in the parlor. Let's watch it together. ...It's so boring here, without TV. ...Kihihihi." It looked like Kumasawa found Maria's roguish laugh very frightening...

However, the three other people had agreed to leave the room. Kumasawa couldn't fight the flow and had to agree, crying as she went...

Nanjo: "...Well then, Natsuhi-san. That will be all for tonight. ...Let us meet again tomorrow."

Natsuhi: "...Yes. Please understand, at least for tonight. When the police come, all of us will surely apologize for our rudeness. ...You may play chess, but do it in a safe place if you can. ...Genji, I leave them in your hands."

Genji: "...Certainly."

Kumasawa: "...H-Hohoho... It can't be helped, can it... They always say that the most frightening bears are those with their children."

Natsuhi: "...Genji, Kumasawa, my sincere apologies. ...Let us meet again tomorrow. ...Maria-chan too. ...Please forgive your cold Aunt."

Maria: "Uu-. I forgive you. Uu-!"

Genji: "Madam, the keys to this room. ...I will hand both over to you." Genji-san pulled two golden keys from his pocket and handed them to Aunt Natsuhi...

Genji: "...And, I will also hand over my bundle of keys to the inside of the mansion."

He took out a bundle of about ten keys of various shapes, and handed it over.

...To the servants, those keys were probably proof of their position. Being placed in charge of those keys meant that they were trusted, relied upon.

...When they were forced to return them, ...it meant that they had lost that trust.

...Thinking about it this way, ...to Genji-san, who had worked here for a span of many years, there could be no greater shame. ...However, Genji-san's usual indifferent expression remained on his face.

Natsuhi: "...Genji, ...I had planned that, after Father passed away, I would reward you for your many years of hard work and allow you to retire. ...To treat you like this... ...makes me feel ashamed from the bottom of my heart..."

Genji: "I have already received the Master's favor. ...Everything I have done until today has been in repayment for that. ...Please, do not worry over it."

Nanjo: "...Well then, ...shall we, everyone? ...Goodnight to you all."

Maria: "Uu-. Goodnight. Goodnight to you too, Battler! Uu-!"

Battler: "...Ah, ...Maria. Wait a sec."

Knowledge of guilt made me call Maria back.

...I groped around in my pocket...and took out that scorpion keychain.

Battler: "...This repels magic, right? ...Wear it."

Maria: "Uu-...? Didn't you say you dropped it...?"

Battler: "...Back then, I got ticked off and just bluffed that I'd lost it. ...There's no way I'd lose the precious charm you gave me."

Maria: "..."

Maria silently took the charm. ...I was unable to say anything after that...

Genji: "...Well then, everyone, good night to you..."

We watched them leave, our expressions completely worn out, ...and we weren't even able to respond.

...Until the door closed and we heard the auto-lock, we were unable to breathe...

Then, we were finally allowed to take a breath. ...After that, I noticed that Beatrice's letter, which I had been gripping the whole time and which was soaked with my sweat, actually had two sheets.

...The paper had been tightly stuck together, so I'd mistakenly thought that there was only one.

There were no characters on the second sheet.

...The thing drawn there was a magic circle, written with a red ink like blood.

...Just like how every magic circle up until then had been different, this magic circle was one I'd never laid eyes on before.

Inside the circle, a large triangle and a small triangle were fit together in a simple design. But just as before, there was writing in Hebrew, and it seemed clear that it held some kind of meaning.

I wanted to know what that could be, ...but we had just chased Maria, the only person who could understand the meaning of magic circles, out of the room...

...I thought of this magic circle as Beatrice's second message. ...What does this magic circle mean? ...Damn it...!

After chasing out all the suspicious people, all we had to do was stay barricaded here until morning, and everything would probably be over.

...Once the typhoon has passed, when the seagulls cry, will everything be resolved?

But the letter, which had unexpectedly appeared in the study, forced us to reject that naivety. ...It had made it very clear that, if time ran out, it would mean the witch's victory.

When time runs out, is the witch planning to take on the offensive? ...This time, is she planning to display some fearful magical power, maybe something that could have been used to kill six adults at once?

...Wait, when is time supposed to run out anyway? ...I don't know...anything...

Natsuhi: "...With this, ...we should finally be safe. ...Finally. ...Definitely..." Even as she said that, Aunt Natsuhi couldn't stop gripping that rifle. ...There was no release in the tension of her expression.

Of course, none of us felt like breathing a sigh of relief. ...At least, not until we could hear the cry of the seagulls once more...

# Chapter 16
# label: *umi1_16
# Finale. Eyecatch: October 5 (Sun) 23:59 → 24:00.

After we chased them out, ...nobody wanted to say anything.

...All of the suspicious ones had been driven away. Even though we knew there might be some innocents among them, we still did it.

...We chased them out of this paradise... where people don't have to suspect each other.

But our motive for chasing them out was suspicion of one person towards another, the worst kind of crime for a human.

...If we had accepted the existence of a 19th person, of the witch, ...then we all might still be talking face to face, trusting in each other.

In that instant, we had agreed to chase out all of the suspicious people. ...But had that been the right thing to do?

...During this endless silence, we could do nothing but be quietly tormented by that sin...

Aunt Natsuhi faced the door, without letting go of her rifle for even an instant, sitting far back in the sofa.

...She would probably spend the night staring at the door without a wink of sleep.

George-aniki gazed through a gap in the closed curtains by the window, looking down at the courtyard and the mansion that surrounded it.

...I didn't know whether he was checking to see if a suspicious shadow would become visible through the window... or whether he was wondering to himself about something.

Jessica was sitting sideways on the sofa next to Aunt Natsuhi...with a dead expression on her face.

...And every once in a while, as though she'd just remembered something, she'd take out the inhaler she had used during her asthma attack and stick it in her mouth.

...I just heard it from Aniki, ...but apparently Jessica liked Kanon-kun.

It was apparently so vague that she hadn't realized it herself.

...You know. It's the kind of thing other people tend to spot before the person in question realizes it.

...Which means... she might've first learned of her feelings when the person she liked died. ...It must've been so terrible, so sad.

Come to think of it, ...Kanon-kun was the one who handed her that inhaler. ...Maybe she was remembering that.

I was fishing around Grandfather's study, ...thinking I'd research the meaning of the magic circle on the letter's second sheet.

Even though we were shut up here in a defensive position, my rebellious nature made me want to find some key, some way to resist.

...After all, we've got plenty of time before tomorrow morning. Who could fault me for how I use that time?

No one else showed that much interest in this magic circle.

...Its meaning was unknown, and once we understood it, we were sure to find some message that would cause us unnecessary anguish. ...I felt the same way.

...However, I couldn't just ignore it, so I killed time by going through the motions of researching it...

George: "...You sure are enthusiastic. ...Did you find anything that might serve as a hint...?"

Battler: "...Not a thing. The first tough part is finding a book written in Japanese. ...Just how many languages could Grandfather read? He's incredible."

George: "Aren't you tired, Battler-kun? ...You should take a rest while someone else stays awake. Aunt Natsuhi said she'd stay up all night for us, but there's no way her body can handle that. We should take turns sleeping."

Battler: "Then you sleep first, Aniki. ...I'll keep researching 'til I get sleepy."

George: "...You mean...that magic circle just now?"

Battler: "...Yeah. We've got plenty of time to kill. I thought it'd be interesting to find out what kind of message Beatrice-sama put in it."

Jessica: "...Give it a rest. Mess around with stuff like that, and you'll end up getting possessed by something weird."

Battler: "Don't worry. I've been certified by Maria. ...She said I've got no spiritual talent at all. Ihihi...!"

Jessica: "...Were we... ...too cruel... ...to Maria?"

Natsuhi: "...Jessica, ...you mustn't think that now."

Jessica: "...But Mom, if Maria wasn't involved, and there's a culprit besides her, ...then she's obviously a soft target for the murderer. ...If she's killed because of this, ...then we've...just left her to die..."

A gloomy silence settled once again. ...It looked like Jessica regretted letting her emotions take hold of her and snapping at Maria.

...She's always been like that. ...Always acting tough and regretting it later.

Natsuhi: "...I understand how you feel, but Maria was in close contact with the culprit, and she might have been siding with them, talking like that over and over to further confuse matters. ...I am relieved that we chased them out."

Battler: "...That's pretty harsh, Aunt Natsuhi. ...Couldn't it just have been the nonsense of a nine-year-old girl?"

It probably wasn't very convincing to hear that coming from me... I myself thought Maria was creepy on several occasions, even doubting her true nature.

...And when Maria was chased out of this room, I couldn't deny I'd felt some relief...

Natsuhi: "...If that is the case, then tomorrow, we will apologize for what we did. ...I will take full responsibility for chasing them out of this room. ...This isn't something the rest of you have to worry about."

I could feel a tragic determination in Aunt Natsuhi's words. ...To protect her own daughter, she had resolutely chased out the suspicious ones.

...And if, as a result, she had to watch the people who had unfortunately been suspected die, so be it. ...She was prepared to take full responsibility.

Battler: "...Why does Maria have to keep saying stuff like that? She's bringing about her own ruin..."

George: "...I think the reason Maria-chan adores witches and magic so much... ...might be Aunt Rosa."

Battler: "Aunt Rosa? What does she have to do with this?"

George: "...Didn't you realize it too, Battler-kun? ...Maria-chan's real father ran off somewhere a long time ago. ...Although Aunt Rosa tried to confuse the issue by saying he's on a foreign business trip."

Natsuhi: "...Talking about Rosa-san's family has become a kind of taboo in the Ushiromiya family."

George: "I think Aunt Rosa thought about remarrying. ...But I also believe Maria-chan may have become her shackles and made that quite difficult. ...After all, she sometimes... got really emotional and hit Maria-chan."

Jessica: "...I agree with you there. ...It looked like Aunt Rosa was trying hard to like Maria. ...Which means... that she didn't really like her. ...She might've thought of Maria as someone who stood in the way of her remarrying..."

George: "...I think that emotional rejection from her mother must've left some deep scars on her young heart. ...So, she learned about this occult hobby from somewhere and immersed herself in it to bury the holes in her heart. ...Did you know? To Maria-chan, the image of a witch isn't negative at all. ...Remember yesterday, at the beach, when she showed us her notebook...?"

Battler: "...Yeah. ...It was full of all those fun-looking scribbles."

Yesterday, when we were down by the beach, doubting the witch... ...Maria got all riled up and started explaining about witches.

And not one of the pages had shown a picture of an ugly witch.

They were all brightly colored, beautiful, cute witches who looked like they were having fun.

There was absolutely nothing sinister about them, like a boy might have imagined. ...They were beings adorned with beautiful dresses, who could grant anyone's dreams with their mysterious magic and who made everyone happy.

...The sorrow of not being loved by her mother.

...Had Maria sought help from witches as beings who could give her happiness and save her?

Someday, a witch would come, and using her wonderful magic, would bring Maria happiness. ...Even though she believed that, as she grew older, she had to face reality as her fleeting dreams were sliced to ribbons one by one.

...If something claiming to be the witch of Rokkenjima appeared in front of a girl like that, whispering that she'd take Maria to the Golden Land, where Maria could be happy...

George: "... ...I... ...Now that it's come to this, I want to confess what's in my heart. ...Throwing out Maria-chan... no, ...Genji-san and the rest too, ...was probably...the wrong thing to do, I think..."

Jessica: "...It wasn't... ...pleasant..." Since Jessica had been the one to face them and slam them with words of rejection, ...her conscience must be tormenting her a lot right now.

Natsuhi: "Then, how do you all explain that letter? No one could have set it there except the four people standing behind us. I made sure of that with my own eyes. ...If those four are innocent, how was that letter placed in a closed room with eight people?"

Battler: "...That's right... ...When you put it that way, those four really do seem suspicious. ...But, ...*it's all useless.* Aah, *it's all useless*..."

George: "Useless? ...What is?"

Battler: "Right. ...It might not be worth anything anymore, but let me spin the chessboard around again. ...In other words, if one of those four really was the culprit, isn't that weird?"

Jessica: "...That's right... ...Wasn't setting that letter openly on the table the same as confessing that one of them was the culprit?"

Jessica: "...You're right, that's weird. ...If they were going to do it, you'd think they'd put it in the crack of the door, for example, to make it look like someone had slipped it in from the outside! Of course, they should've known that they'd be suspected if they didn't make it look like the culprit was outside the room!"

Battler: "Yeah, that's it exactly. ...If the culprit was one of those four, setting that letter right in the middle of the table would be both risky and meaningless."

Battler: "...But, putting aside whatever trick was used to set it there, if we assume that the culprit is someone other than those four, ...in other words, someone who was outside the room, then they had a lot to gain from that letter..."

Natsuhi: "...Enough, Battler-kun. ...It's meaningless to discuss such matters now."

Natsuhi-san quickly guessed what I was getting at.

...No, maybe she had thought of it long before I had...and had simply held her tongue...

Battler: "...If the culprit's outside the room, ...then they'd be totally stuck the moment we shut ourselves up in a closed room like this. ...That's right. It's the same as my theory about how Grandfather disappeared from this room, isn't it?"

Battler: "...That theory was that Grandfather left the room of his own accord. ...If the culprit used some tactic to lure him out, and Grandfather left of his own accord, then..."

Come to think of it, ...when we found the scorpion magic circle on the doorknob to the study, Maria said it herself.

...Beatrice couldn't get through this door.

But she could induce someone to leave of their own accord.

Jessica: "...Which would mean... ...we fell for the culprit's trap completely... and sent out some new potential sacrifices."

Natsuhi: "...Genji and the rest aren't fools. When they try to protect themselves, they should find the next safest place after this room. They will definitely be able to hide themselves there."

Aunt Natsuhi hadn't answered the question.

...Aunt Natsuhi herself had realized that if the culprit wasn't in our group back then, that letter would make sense as a trap.

However, it wasn't worth the risk of calling back the people she had once thrown out.

...To Aunt Natsuhi, right now, her greatest and only duty was to protect the children... By her thinking, in order to do that, a few sacrifices were unavoidable...

Battler: "...Hey, Aunt Natsuhi. Let me say something a little harsh, okay? ...At that time, ...what if, by coincidence, Jessica had also been standing behind you. ...Would you have chased Jessica from the room too?"

Natsuhi: "..."

Battler: "It's true that a lot of brutal things have happened. ...But as a mother, you thought you should protect your daughter no matter what. Because of that duty, you chased them out, even though you knew that you'd eventually be held responsible for it. ...It's not like I'm condemning that. But, umm, ...I was just thinking about what a great mother Jessica has."

George: "...That's right. ...You've been dealing with these incidents since morning, and you've been pulling all of us along this whole time, without losing your composure. ...If you were all confused too, the rest of us would probably be in the culprit's grasp by now. ...So I think we all have to thank you."

Natsuhi: "...Thank you."

Jessica: "... ...So what you two are trying to say... ...is that you want her to act as Maria's mother too...?"

Natsuhi: "..."

Jessica: "...I... always thought of Maria as a real little sister and adored her. ...And yet, ...a few things happened, we got a little confused, ...and I've said a lot of mean things to her, hurting her... ...Mom, ...please. ...Let's stay together with Maria... ...no, everyone... ...There was no... culprit among us... The culprit in this case is... ...the witch, Beatrice, okay...? So, ...let's stop suspecting each other..."

Aunt Natsuhi closed her eyes for a short while.

...Was she coping with her throbbing headache again, ...or was she thinking of something...

Natsuhi: "... You are... ...my precious daughter, ...the one I finally received a whole twelve years after I married my husband. I would become the worst kind of demon to protect you."

That was some pretty strong language at the end there... She realized very well that her words were an idealized view of what a mother should be, but even so, she was strongly resolved to protect her daughter, even if she had to become a demon.

...But that was her guilty conscience tormenting her.

...Today's been so long. ...So many things happened in one day, ...and we've been driven into a corner so thoroughly...

...I wonder if we have the right to greet tomorrow the way we are now...

...Th-There it is.

Battler: "...I found it. ...It's this magic circle."

Inside the book I'd been flipping through, I had found the same magic circle that had been drawn on the second sheet of the letter.

George-aniki peered at it as well.

This magic circle's name was...the third magic circle of Mars.

The Hebrew written on it was from Psalms 77 verse 13 of the Old Testament.

`What god is so great as our God?'

The meaning of the magic circle was... ...`discord'.

...Agitate internal divisions and cause the enemy to bring about their own downfall.

Battler: "...Wait a sec... Seriously...?"

Could there be a more fitting way to describe our current situation and mental state? We couldn't help but be stunned into silence.

Jessica: "...So, ...this letter was a trap...?! How did they place it here?! There wasn't anyone in this room except for the eight of us, right?!"

Battler: "A-Anyway, let's ignore how they got it in here for now. ...The culprit was after just one thing! They wanted to spread the seeds of doubt inside this impregnable room and use us to throw the sacrificial sheep out...!!"

George: "In that case, ...they're after...the people who went out of the room...!!"

Jessica: "M-Mom, ...what should we do?!! Those four are in danger...!"

Natsuhi: "..."

It wasn't surprising that Aunt Natsuhi remained unpleasantly silent. ...Even if this was all a trap by the culprit, even if the four who had been chased out of the room were in danger, it had nothing to do with the safety of the four people in here.

And there was no way to prove the innocence of the four people we'd chased out. ...If we're willing to let them die, then we shouldn't leave this room no matter what. ...That way is...safest!!

At that time, suddenly, the piercing sound of a phone rang through the room.

It was the antique extension phone set on the table in Grandfather's study.

...It had rung right after we started talking about the letter being a trap. It was natural we'd think of it as an SOS from the ones we'd chased out.

But then Aunt Natsuhi spoke.

Natsuhi: "...W-Why a phone call?! The phones should be broken down and unusable...!!"

Battler: "That doesn't matter...! If that's Maria calling for help...!"

Natsuhi: "If the problem with the phones was the culprit's work in the first place, ...then this call is... ...probably..."

With that one sentence, the ring of the phone, which had once sounded like a scream for help, ...now started to sound like a ghastly lure from some unknown person...!

Aunt Natsuhi hesitated over whether to pick up the receiver.

George: "L-Let's pick it up, Aunt Natsuhi...! The phones might've been fixed for some reason... It could still be an urgent call from Maria-chan and the rest...!"

Jessica: "That's right...! And if it actually is a call from the culprit, bring it on! Why don't we listen to what they've got to say...?! It's just a phone call. No matter what they babble through the receiver, it's not like it's gonna hurt you...!!"

Battler: "...If you don't pick it up, ...then I will...!"

Natsuhi: "...I-I will take it. ...Hello?"

I stretched out my hand to take the receiver, but Aunt Natsuhi grabbed it before I could reach.

...We all held our breath, trying to figure out who the person on the other end of the phone was...

But for a while, Aunt Natsuhi kept saying `hello'.

...A silent phone call...? There's no way Maria and the others would do something so creepy.

...Which means... Could this phone call... ...possibly... really be...?

Natsuhi stopped repeating `hello' and strained her ears.

...Because she thought she heard something far away on the other end of the receiver.

...What was that...?

Natsuhi: "...Huh? ...Is someone... ...singing...?"

George: "What do you mean, ...singing?"

Natsuhi: "...I don't know. Faintly, from the other end of the phone, ...I can hear someone singing... I wonder what...it could be..."

Battler: "G-Give it here for a sec... Hello?! ...?!"

I half forced the receiver from the stunned Aunt Natsuhi's hand and pressed it against my ear.

...At first, I didn't hear anything.

...But, ...because I had been told about it beforehand, I noticed.

...It sounded far away from the receiver, rather than someone speaking in a quiet voice, ...and it sounded like a girl singing a song.

...That voice did sound like Maria's, ...but that just made the situation even more inexplicable.

At the very least, the one who had made the phone call hadn't been Maria. After all, Maria was singing some song far away from the receiver.

...In that case, the one who made the phone call should've been Genji-san, Kumasawa-san, or Doctor Nanjo.

...And yet, they weren't saying anything. ...Why...? For what reason...? ...The person who made this phone call... Who was it...?!?!

Battler: "Hey!! Hello?!! Who is it? Answer me!! Is that Maria singing?! Answer me!!"

Jessica: "W-What's happening?! What is it?!"

Battler: "I don't know...! All I can say is... this is probably a trap, ...and Maria's in trouble..."

Aunt Natsuhi took the receiver again, but after yelling into it several more times, she realized that she wasn't getting anywhere and hung up.

After that, she dialed quickly. ...Then she clicked her tongue.

That's right, if the phones are working, we should be able to reach the police. ...But judging by Aunt Natsuhi's reaction, the outside telephone line still didn't connect.

George: "...L-Let's go! Even if we know it might be a trap, we have to go!"

Battler: "Yeah, definitely!! Jessica, Aunt Natsuhi, stay here!" When Aniki and I tried to dash out, Aunt Natsuhi stopped us.

Natsuhi: "Hold it. ...I cannot let you go alone. I will go too. Jessica, wait here."

Jessica: "What, so I'll be the only one left out?! Nice try, but I'm going too...!!"

Battler: "Yeah, it might be better that way. ...If the goal of that phone call was to split us up further, it wouldn't be a good idea to leave someone to watch this room."

George: "There's no time to argue. Let's all go!"

Aunt Natsuhi raised the rifle high and took the lead.

I couldn't go unarmed myself.

I found a three-pronged candle stand and readied it. Although the pins on it used to fit candles were short, it was almost like a three-pronged spear.

Then, the four of us left the study. We left the study, which should've been the safest place inside the mansion.

By doing this, we had been lured out, even though we had barricaded ourselves in a safe closed room. ...Perhaps, we were... ...doing exactly the same thing Grandfather had done when he disappeared from that room...

Jessica: "Maria!! Where are you?! Answer me!!"

I listened closely, but didn't hear anything... The mansion was vast, and since the passing typhoon was making its last stand, the sound of the rain was even noisier than before.

George: "...Maria-chan said she wanted to watch TV in the parlor, right?! Let's try going downstairs!"

Natsuhi: "...That's right. Let's try there. ...Everyone, be mindful of your surroundings!"

Battler: "Yeah!!"

With Aunt Natsuhi in the center, her rifle readied and her finger on the trigger, we moved in a group, our backs together, checking our surroundings in all directions...

It was just as though the magic of that magic circle designed to spread discord had worked. ...We had split up, and furthermore, had been dragged out into dangerous territory.

...In other words, even now, we were doing just what the culprit wanted us to do. ...This was a separate world where it wouldn't be odd for anything to suddenly occur...

Aunt Natsuhi nervously pointed the barrel of the gun at every dark spot and shadow. It felt like that motion was out of fear rather than caution...

But the rifle she held in her hand should've been a trump card that the culprit feared...

George: "...You know, I've been thinking. It wouldn't be impossible to stick one of those `icepicks' into someone's chest, like in Kanon-kun's case. ...But splitting the skull and sticking them into the forehead, like in my parents' case, wouldn't be that easy."

Battler: "You think the culprit had that kind of animal strength...?!"

George: "...They probably had some kind of weapon, a device that can shoot or pound in those `icepicks'. That handle was too short to be driven in that deeply by a human's strength alone."

Natsuhi: "...Either way, they have enough force to break through a skull. ...I heard Kanon's wound reached as far as his lungs. ...If you happen to see your opponent, don't go forwards. You mustn't move away from my back."

Just how sinister and frightening was the weapon that could shoot those creepy icepicks? ...And could I do anything to combat it with just this candle stand in my hand?

In the first murder, the culprit probably assaulted all four of our parents at once as they discussed the inheritance problem in the dining hall. ...And there were four of us here now.

...Apparently, I wasn't the only person thinking this. ...George-aniki, Jessica, ...and, of course, Aunt Natsuhi, ...were stretching their senses to the utmost limit, in the highest and worst state of tension, slowly advancing one step, then another...

...Aaah, what have we done?

...Because of the seeds of doubt spread by that one letter, we threw Maria and the rest into the middle of this terrifying world...

We finally reached the first floor. ...The parlor was just across the hall.

When we listened carefully, ...we could hear it faintly. ...Maria's eerie singing voice.

She wasn't singing naturally, as though she were in a good mood.

...She was singing mechanically, like she was at a graduation ceremony and she'd been ordered to.

...The song she sang was just a common folk song, one that everyone has probably sung in school at one time or another.

...But why that, in the middle of the night, alone, with all her heart, over and over, why...?!

Right after leaving the study, we had called out in loud voices, asking Maria where she was.

...But this time, no one said even a single word.

...We hid our breath and the sound of our footsteps, and, intensely focused on our surroundings to the point of being completely high-strung, ...we stepped forward...

The door to the parlor was closed. But we could hear Maria's singing voice through it...

Aunt Natsuhi put her hand on the handle of the doorknob... when George-aniki stopped her.

George: "...I'll open the door... Aunt Natsuhi, Battler-kun, ready your weapons."

Natsuhi: "...Understood. ...Take care."

Jessica: "They might attack as soon as we open it... George nii-san, watch yourself...!"

George: "...Sure... ...Then...I'll open it... ...Huh?!" He tried to open it, but immediately felt the hard resistance of the lock. Aunt Natsuhi took the bundle of keys from her pocket and gave them to George.

...There were about ten keys, and none of us had a clue which was which. Because of this, George had to fumble around loudly and test several of the keys.

...Since we had hidden our footsteps, preparing to make a surprise attack on the room, this felt almost fatal...

The whole time, we could hear Maria's voice from the parlor, singing the same song over and over. ...It was like a broken, crazy cassette tape...

We'd been in that room almost constantly since morning. ...All the frightening things had occurred outside that room. ...That had left us with the impression that only this room was safe.

...That baseless impression was quickly falling apart...

George: "...Nng, ...it's open."

Natsuhi: "...Thank you. George-kun, Jessica, move behind me."

Battler: "...Aunt Natsuhi, let's jump in at the same time and split up in different directions. If we just stand around after opening the door, those icepicks might fly right through the center...!"

Natsuhi: "I agree. ...Ready...?"

Battler: "Ihihi...! I really wish I could say `no'...!"

I readied myself. ...If they're gonna be throwing icepicks, I'll whack 'em with this candle stand!!

Natsuhi: "...Go!!!"

Aunt Natsuhi and I rammed into the door before flying into the parlor, quickly splitting up left and right and searching the parlor for someone who might be waiting for us.

But what our eyes landed upon... ...was an incredibly... ...strange sight...

The parlor...was stained with blood.

This place, where we spent almost the entire day, where we pressed in together to protect ourselves from some unknown malice, ...had been stained with fresh blood, had become an ocean of blood...!!

On the floor lay Genji-san, Kumasawa-san, and Doctor Nanjo, their entire bodies stained bright red with the blood... ...But the only way we could identify them was by their clothes.

...That was because...aaah, that's right, this is how the whole tragedy started...!!!

Their faces... Just like our smashed up parents in the shed, ...you couldn't tell where their eyes stopped and their noses began!! It was as though they'd rudely plunged their faces into tomato pot pies, all squished up, ...uuwaaaaaaAAAAAAaaaaaaAAAAaahhh!!

And that wasn't all. Their bodies had other wounds. ...It was those `demon icepicks'! They were in...Genji-san's stomach, Doctor Nanjo's thigh...no, his knee? That's right, of course it's his knee...! In the epitaph, the sixth twilight was the stomach! And on the seventh twilight, the knee was gouged! So after seeing one of them stuck near Kumasawa baa-chan's calf, I couldn't help masochistically laughing `Ahh, that's right'...!!

On the sixth twilight, gouge the stomach and kill. On the seventh twilight, gouge the knee and kill. On the eighth twilight, gouge the leg and kill.

Aaaaaah, ...now even the eighth twilight is over. And the next one, the ninth twilight, ...what was it again...?

Maria...was there.

...She was facing the wall in the inner part of the room, ...standing stock still, completely alone. She faced away from this horrible scene, standing by the wall, singing her song over and over...

There was nothing else in the room.

...Just the corpses of the three who had been brutally killed, ...and the phone receiver, which was still off its hook, proving that this was the room the call had come from.

...Just that and Maria, her back to this scene as she kept on singing while facing the wall...

...We couldn't even scream at this...bizarre scene. ...We could only stare, shocked, with our mouths hanging loosely open...

Jessica: "...M-Maria...?" Jessica called out to her.

...But Maria showed no reaction. ...Alone, she kept singing on and on...

We had come here, trying to save Maria from some approaching danger. ...So, now that we had found her, we should've been running up to Maria, hugging her, joyous that she was safe. ...And yet, not one of us could do that...!

Everyone thought it. But they couldn't say it. After all, because...because...that's right, even if that's crazy...no, it couldn't be...!!

Battler: "...M-Maria!! Stop singing!! Are you listening?!!" At some point, ...Aunt Natsuhi and I had pointed our weapons at Maria's back.

...I yelled at Maria in a violent voice. ...But there was no reaction. She just kept singing...!!

With the candle stand still readied, I ran up to her, and forcefully...no, violently slammed my hand down on her shoulder. Then I pulled on her shoulder, forcing her to turn around!

Maria: "...Uuwhoa. ...Uu-." Maria's small body was quickly pulled down and fell. ...And, as though unhappy at having her singing interrupted, ...Maria looked into my face with her usual expression.

Even in this gruesome situation, *she was just like normal!!*

Battler: "Maria, what is this?! Wh-Who did it?!"

Maria: "...Uu-. Beatrice."

Battler: "C-Cut that crap!!!" I threw the candle stand I'd been holding against the wall. The violence of that reckless sound should've gone straight into Maria's heart. ...But Maria's expression didn't change at all!

George: "Quit it, Battler-kun! Maria-chan, ...this time, you should've seen the face of the culprit who killed these three. Was the culprit...the same Beatrice who gave you the letter?!"

Maria: "...Uu-. Beatrice."

Battler: "Well, in that case, it's certain. There is a 19th person, Beatrice does exist!! Then, Maria, will you at least tell me this much? How did they kill these three people? What did they use to kill them in such a brutal way?!"

Maria: "...I don't know."

Battler: "How could you not know?! It happened in this room!! Are you trying to tell me you were so absorbed in singing that you didn't notice?!"

George: "Calm down, Battler-kun!! ...M-Maria-chan, talk to me. ...Okay?"

George-aniki, as he always did, crouched down next to Maria so that their eyes met and talked to her very kindly...

George: "...Maria-chan, ...why were you facing the wall and singing...?"

Maria: "...Uu-. ...Beatrice said to face the wall and keep singing for a long time. Uu-."

George: "So, did Beatrice come here?! Were Genji-san and the rest still alive then?!"

Maria: "...Uu-. Everyone came into the parlor together and sat down. ...Genji-san made sure to lock the door."

Jessica: "It was locked when we got here... But then, how did Beatrice get into the parlor?!!"

Maria: "Uu-. Beatrice is a witch, so locks don't matter. She turned into butterflies and came in through the crack in the door."

Battler: "Huuhh?! Calmly joking at a time like this?!!! Like hell that happened! What are you saying?!"

Maria: "Kihihihi!! You can't believe it? That's why I didn't want to say. No matter how I say it, you won't believe. But Beatrice is a witch. She can do anything with her miraculous magic. That's why Beatrice doesn't care whether a door is locked or not. Kihihihi...!"

George: "A-And then?! After Beatrice appeared, what happened to everyone?!"

Maria: "...Beatrice talked to us. She said Grandfather's study was protected by a powerful force, and she couldn't enter no matter what she did. So she told us she'd select three sacrifices from the four people in the parlor. ...Everyone said `no way'. Kihihihi, Kumasawa-san kept saying `no way, no way'. But Beatrice chose. ...And when she did, Beatrice said I'd be fine. ...Why do you think?"

Maria: "It's because of the scorpion charm with the fifth magic circle of Mars, the one Battler used to pray for my safety, the one he put his feelings into. Because of that power, Beatrice couldn't do anything to me, and me alone."

Maria: "So she decided to use the other three as sacrifices. After that, Beatrice spoke."

Beatrice: `Come, face the wall and sing a song for me. ...You will sing lots and lots of songs, so no matter what happens, no matter what you hear, you won't hear you won't hear you won't know. Come, sing lots of fun songs for me.'

Maria: "So I was singing the whole time. Over and over. So I didn't hear anything, didn't know anything. ...And then all of you came. Uu-."

Battler: "Are you asking us to believe that?! You think we're stupid?!!!"

Maria: "Kihihihi! Then who will you suspect this time? Will you suspect me? Gonna try killing me right here? Even if you do that, Beatrice won't stop `existing'. Now, the eighth twilight is over, and Beatrice will revive!!"

Battler: "Are you serious?! I've had enough of that talk!! As if witches could exist, as if I'd let myself get tricked!!! I won't accept it! Beatrice doesn't `exist'!! I definitely won't accept it!! So I won't let her exist, I won't let her revive!! The legend will remain a legend forever. I won't acknowledge something like thaaaaat!!!"

Jessica: "Quit it, Battler...!! It's not like Maria killed them or let them die!! B-Beatrice came, and Maria had to obey, was unable to resist...!!"

George: "...Huh?! ...A-Aunt Natsuhi? Sh-She isn't here...!"

Battler: "Huh? Wha-?!"

Jessica: "M-Mom? Where did she go...?!"

Maria: "...Just now, she left by herself, reading a letter."

A letter?! Th-That makes sense, the culprit must be so exhilarated now that we've reached the eight twilight. They might've left a letter so that they could brag even more. We were so wrapped up in questioning Maria that we forgot to look for a letter...!

But even as well-armed as she was, why had she left the room by herself in this dangerous mansion after reading it?!

Jessica tried to chase after her and tugged at the handle to the door, but it resisted strangely and wouldn't open...!

Jessica: "Mom, Mom!! What's going on?!! Open up, ...open up...!!!"

It was only natural. ...Natsuhi had picked up the candle stand, which Battler had thrown at the wall and which had fallen to the floor.

...She had then skillfully wedged it between the doorknobs on the double doors like a bolt, holding them closed. ...The intricate design of the candle stand caused it to get caught solidly, and it really did make a sturdy seal on the door.

The tragic scream of a daughter for her mother... Did it reach Natsuhi's ears, or not...?

Natsuhi's figure was... ...alone in the entrance hall.

It was the place decorated by the portrait of Beatrice.

Natsuhi threw down Beatrice's last letter, the one she had read in the parlor, ...readied her rifle again, and in a voice that rang clear, yelled in the massive space that was the entrance hall.

Natsuhi: "...I am Ushiromiya Natsuhi, representative of the Ushiromiya family!!! Show yourself, ...Golden Witch, Beatrice!!!"

The entrance hall was dimly lit. Other than a faint light which shone on the center of the room, everything was blotted out by the jet-black darkness.

...In that darkness, ...butterflies glittering in gold squirmed, twinkled, ...and sneered.

Natsuhi gave one more huge gulp and pointed the cold barrel of the gun at the gold butterflies...

Natsuhi: "...So you have finally... ...shown yourself. ...I still can't believe... ...that something like you really exists... ...But that isn't a problem."

Natsuhi: "...Both I who bear the title of representative to the Ushiromiya family... and you who claim to succeed the Headship of the Ushiromiya family...are here right now. ...At this point, whether you are a witch or not is a trivial matter!"

Natsuhi: "...Come, ...let us settle this. ...Which of us will truly succeed the Ushiromiya family? ...I, Ushiromiya Natsuhi, ...or you, ...Beatrice?!! Allow me to respectfully accept your request for a duel...!!"

The gold butterflies slowly formed a human shape, which walked into the dim light...

Natsuhi readied the rifle... ...and glared. The witch raised her golden staff overhead... ...and laughed.

Natsuhi's finger... slowly squeezed the trigger...

Battler: "And...gooooooooooooooooo!!!"

Battler made an all-out dash at the door and rammed into it, crushing the candle stand that had been barring it and making it possible for a big gap to be opened in the door. He kept kicking the candle stand through that gap, and the door was finally released.

At that time, they heard it. ...They certainly heard the crisp sound of gunfire ring out once...!

Jessica: "Mom!! Moooooooooooooooom!!!"

George: "Jessica-chan, you mustn't run off by yourself...!!"

Battler: "Was that the sound of a gun just now?! Did Aunt Natsuhi shoot?!!"

At whom? At the culprit!!!

The noise had come from the entrance hall. And the entrance hall...looked like a stage.

Like the heroine of a tragedy, on the ground and bathed in light, ...arrayed in the beauty of that silence, ...Aunt Natsuhi lay face up, crumpled on the floor...

Half-crazed, Jessica ran up to Aunt Natsuhi.

...On Aunt Natsuhi's forehead, ...it was almost as though a sparkling shard of pigeon blood ruby had been placed there.

...And... from it, one stream... of blood makeup... passed by her eye... and began to traverse her face...

The faint smell of gunpowder smoke came from the barrel of the rifle Aunt Natsuhi still grasped.

...Huh? Then, ...then, ...she... ...shot... herself...in the forehead...?! Why?!

Jessica: "Mom, Mom, Mom!!! Gyyyaaaaaaahhhhh!!!"

Battler: "...I-I don't get it!! Why did Aunt Natsuhi run away alone, ...and why did she shoot through her own forehead?!"

George: "...Maria-chan, Aunt Natsuhi left the room after reading a letter, right?! There's no letter here! Damn it, what did Aunt Natsuhi read, and why was she lured out here?!"

Jessica: "I don't know, I don't know, who cares about that...?!! What the hell, why did she kill herself?! Why...did she leave me all alone?! Aaaaaaaaaahhhhhhh...!!" Jessica clung to her mother's corpse, crying earnestly...

My body was consumed with an anger I didn't know what to do with, and I snatched the rifle from Aunt Natsuhi's hand. I spun around, pointing the barrel of the gun into the darkness on all sides, as though I was pointing a light from a lighthouse, trying to find the culprit.

George-aniki, even in this situation, was trying to calmly figure something out, but that might've been a fruitless effort.

...And only Maria was completely indifferent. ...So is this all supposed to be some kind of predetermined fate?

No, that's not it.

This is all...a prelude to a wonderful world.

The door to the Golden Land will finally... open.

Maria: "...On the ninth twilight, the witch shall revive, and none shall be left alive, ...and on the tenth twilight, at journey's end, you shall attain to the power of the Golden Land's treasures, once and for the last time. ...With this, everything is over, Beatrice. Congratulations, ...congratulations. ...So lead me. Lead me to the Golden Land you told me of... ...right now...!!"

There, all of the dead will be revived, and even lost love will be restored.

...So, in Maria's eyes, it's just as though all of today's tragedies didn't happen. It's as though all the time she spent deprived of love never happened.

Battler: "Stop it!! What's so fun? What's to be congratulated?!! There were 18 people on this island! 14 are dead! Only the four of us are left!! I'm definitely not gonna die! Until the night is over...no, until the typhoon passes, and the seagulls gather again at the harbor, I'm definitely not gonna die!! I'll stay alive, I'll stay alive no matter what!!"

Maria: "...Kihihihi. Give it up, Battler. ...Guns are useless against witches. Survival and all that stuff doesn't matter...because it's over. *The journey has already ended*. ...See, look at the clock."

...Huh? The clock? Hearing those words, I looked at my wristwatch.

Both needles were almost touching near the top.

...Very soon, it will be 12:00 at night. ...In other words, 24:00.

When you think about it, isn't 24:00 is a strange time? ...It can be called 24:00, and it can also be called 0:00.

It's the hour at the culmination of the previous day, ...and at the same time, it's hour zero as the next day begins.

Maria: "...Beatrice!!"

Maria suddenly called out happily and ran towards the darkness.

It was almost as though Beatrice was somewhere in that darkness, and Maria was running up to her.

As Jessica hugged her mother's corpse, as George-aniki stood there, confused, I looked down the barrel of the rifle, ...gazing into the darkness...

The space in front of Beatrice's portrait lay in that direction.

And...the thing Maria was running up to was... ...the portrait's... subject.

You've got to be kidding me, ...this is...just impossible... ...Like I'd fall for something like this, ...witches don't `exist', I won't accept it...! Something like you shouldn't `exist', because this is a human world! You think I could accept something that's not human?! I definitely won't accept it!!

When I pulled hard on the rifle's lever, the cartridge was ejected, fell on the floor, and a new cartridge was loaded. Then, I sighted the witch down the barrel...

Maria turned around. ...Still clinging to the Golden Witch, she turned around.

Maria: "...Didn't I tell you it was meaningless? ...Mere lead bullets are meaningless against Beatrice. ...Humans are so stupid, aren't they? ...Kihihihi."

Battler: "I won't accept the existence of witches!! Who are you?!! Just try moving one step, just try moving one finger!! I'll blast you away!!!"

Maria: "Kihihihi, *giggle*giggle*giggle*giggle*giggle*, "*cackle*cackle*cackle*, *cackle*cackle*, ah ha ha ha!!""

As the witch...no, the witches laughed, ...even the large clock in the hall joined in on their laughter...

It was probably telling us that the time was 24:00.

It was both a tone telling us that we had reached the culmination of this day, and a tone informing us that all had returned to nothing.

*The rule that the witch would win when time ran out had already been revealed.*

Maria: "...Battler, ...George nii-chan and Jessica. ...The journey has ended, and the witch has...revived, see?"

And *none shall be left alive*.

The witch shall praise the wise and bestow four treasures.

One shall be all the gold from the Golden Land. One shall be the resurrection of all the dead souls. One shall be the resurrection of the love that was lost. One shall be to put the witch to sleep for all time.

Sleep peacefully, my beloved witch, Beatrice...

